Timothy Sackton: I know what i'm forgetting.
Timothy Sackton: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: now, as we
Timothy Sackton: begin tonight
Timothy Sackton: on the plains of Dunmar
Timothy Sackton: camped outside the massive storm gathered
Timothy Sackton: on the around the Storm Caller Tower.
Timothy Sackton: The winds blow across Dunmar, and the winds have long blown across the plains of what is now done by our bringing news and tidings
Timothy Sackton: to those who know how to listen.
Timothy Sackton: In younger days, when the vast
Timothy Sackton: forests of the owl stretched across these lands.
Timothy Sackton: a tower stood here, perched on a cliff.
Timothy Sackton: The cliff was less weather than its former form as a skieship of the storm giants clearer.
Timothy Sackton: Then the winds brought news from across the vast kingdom of Akar in K. And for those who cared to hear it, even tidings of the humans
Timothy Sackton: on the distant island of Car.
Timothy Sackton: For many years after the fall of our car, and the winds blew still, though there was no one to hear them
Timothy Sackton: until the people of drank or spread across the land and discovered the magic of this place.
Timothy Sackton: Storm Caller Tower passed through many hands until it came to be the home
Timothy Sackton: of the Wizard. You dome.
Timothy Sackton: A man possessed with great power and skill and magic.
Timothy Sackton: He heard the winds and caught them, and snaring the Storm Giant Hall guard and his spells.
Timothy Sackton: but drank or fell, and the knowledge of a storm Caller tower was lost.
Timothy Sackton: though the giants are a few now almost never seen on the settled lowlands. Dunbar. The winds still still speak, and very news.
Timothy Sackton: The north wind blows cold from the mountains Camped to our travelers camp near a storm Caller Tower.
Timothy Sackton: It speaks of the snow and winter that has already come to the passes, closing the roads to Sabara until spring.
Timothy Sackton: and whispers of the relief of a woman fleeing north.
Timothy Sackton: leaving tracks in the snow that are not her own.
Timothy Sackton: hoping the early winter would deter any who would seek to hunter down.
Timothy Sackton: The east wind blows dry and hot from the deserts, and wastelands untouched by the monsoons
Timothy Sackton: It speaks of war
Timothy Sackton: the long heart march long hot march of many iron-booted feet of orcs and skeletons as they prepare for travel.
Timothy Sackton: A metallic hang in the air. The eagerness of these warriors for blood and glory.
Timothy Sackton: The south wind blows from the oceans, carrying the last of the rains to the plains of Dug Bar. And yet within the life-giving one seems as a seat of doubt, of suspicion, for the south wind blows from Daihar.
Timothy Sackton: from the savannahs of Western Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: where the Somrat king broods over hags
Timothy Sackton: and fears of mind control and plots.
Timothy Sackton: and his sister.
Timothy Sackton: The west wind races from Chardon blowing swiftly across the open lands of Dunmar and the river valleys of Charden.
Timothy Sackton: It's unsettled as it blows. It whispers past shadowy hunters hiding from sunlight.
Timothy Sackton: seeking and tracking your prey.
Timothy Sackton: past shepherds sharpening their spears and riding to lend their arms
Timothy Sackton: to a righteous cause
Timothy Sackton: past army camps, or the future of Denmark hangs in the balance.
Timothy Sackton: and as the winds converge on Storm Caller Tower.
Timothy Sackton: joining the massive storm that grows and grows. You return
Timothy Sackton: to our adventures as they contemplate their path forward.
Timothy Sackton: staring into the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Eric Rosenbaum: What
Eric Rosenbaum: in what way do we receive the news of the wins. Are they visions? Or in a Meta gave me a sort of way. Well, that I understand. But did you do you have a
Eric Rosenbaum: the and gamely. I I didn't, really. That's okay. Who are these shepherds?
Eric Rosenbaum: Check marching
Eric Rosenbaum: to war?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's a dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the the Denmark conflict. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And who is the woman fleeing through the snow to the north.
Mike Sackton: Stella. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Priscilla. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything else
Eric Rosenbaum: not totally explained. I mean the
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: the Down Mar a king
Eric Rosenbaum: rooting over hags.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought we only know of one
Timothy Sackton: figure of speech.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, all right. Just you know, noticing details here.
my sister.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he still doesn't know what to make of the situation with sister, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: let me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. It was being controlled. By whom?
Timothy Sackton: So it's
Timothy Sackton: mid afternoon, although where you are is
Timothy Sackton: dark
Timothy Sackton: as your. You know the sun is partially blocked by this giant storm in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: and you've spent the past. I don't know hour or so, scouting and
Timothy Sackton: using magic to try and see what's in the storm.
Timothy Sackton: As
Kenzo has
Timothy Sackton: sort of turn to sort of meditate and try and commute with nature and feel
Timothy Sackton: what's happening here.
Timothy Sackton: You see his eyes go blank.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: he sort of drops.
Timothy Sackton: losing concentration slightly
Timothy Sackton: and turning his eyes, now flashing
Timothy Sackton: blue.
Timothy Sackton: to look at you.
Timothy Sackton: and speaks in a
Timothy Sackton: voice that is not
Timothy Sackton: his own
Timothy Sackton: or not one you recognize.
Timothy Sackton: I see you
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: who speaks to us
Eric Rosenbaum: is that is that rather?
Timothy Sackton: The kenzo turns around
Timothy Sackton: and holds his hands up
Timothy Sackton: in front of his face.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: see you.
Timothy Sackton: and he blanks and his eyes flash, and there's like clouds and lightning passing in front of his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: and he turns
Timothy Sackton: and begins to walk into the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: Brisbane. What do we do
Eric Rosenbaum: You' it
Kate: tyro for random
Eric Rosenbaum: of
Eric Rosenbaum: He may not take kindly to that. But
Eric Rosenbaum: how far away from the
Eric Rosenbaum: danger zone.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: to 300 feet something like that, but a decent distance, maybe 500 feet.
Timothy Sackton: He's not walking very fast, and he seems uncoordinated and sort of
Timothy Sackton: you're used to Kenzel being this like super suave like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: completely different physicality to him. It's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, just my last.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's he.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps he was surprised to see, because his eyes are missing and seeing through Kenzo's eyes was novel.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should tell him that we've got his eyes with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: or how quickly can we get them out?
Kate: And we just pop him in a mirror.
Timothy Sackton: You could just pop them in the mirror. I mean it'll take you a few minutes because you got to undo the little lead box around Lobby's nap, take out the portable hole, spread it out. Put it down, Find that into the portable hole, sort through, like, you know.
Kate: a 1 million coins.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I I think we can. We can persuade him that that we have his eyes. But we'll need to show him the eyes. So so similarly we need to do that whole process to get the eyes out before Kenza walks into the storm. So
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Kate: But so there was a moment in some amount of dream information that we got from clairvoyance or something where
Kate: Carl Guard didn't realize about
Kate: his state in this world, and he was like entirely existing in the dream in his other universe, and
Kate: didn't know he couldn't see, and didn't
Kate: have the whole like missing ice thing. But his reaction just now does suggest
Eric Rosenbaum: that it was surprising that he could see didn't it
Mike Sackton: it? Yes.
Kate: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's one reading of it.
Mike Sackton: That would be my reading. Whether that's correct or not I don't know.
But
Eric Rosenbaum: so I ask Wellbey to
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: open up the
Eric Rosenbaum: wait. So there's a lead box that has this my box with a portable hole. It inside. The portable hole is like a 1 million coins at the bottom of the pit of coins there's like a shelf
Timothy Sackton: with a miracle. The coins are on the bottom, right, right, right, right. The scaffold like a layer of coins, and then on top of the coins there's like stuff all around the edges. Mirrors hang on the walls.
Timothy Sackton: and some shells with stuff, a few giant eyeballs.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, quick, Webe. Let's let's get out the eyes. I I think I think that might be persuasive. Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: somebody showed you your own
Eric Rosenbaum: eyeballs. Would you know what they were? I mean, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: by the nature of this scenario
Eric Rosenbaum: wouldn't be able to see your eyeballs because they would be outside of your head. But in this case he's seeing through Kenzo's eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try it.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza gets a few 100, you know. Maybe a third of the way towards the storm, and this time a little bit more than that, halfway towards the store.
Timothy Sackton: In the time it takes you to
Timothy Sackton: scramble and do all this stuff.
Timothy Sackton: and he doesn't seem to be
Timothy Sackton: paying much attention to you now, and he's sort of looking up at the rain.
Timothy Sackton: you know there's getting close enough now that there's some.
Timothy Sackton: you know, what are splashing on him and stuff, and
Timothy Sackton: you know he almost stops for a minute just to stare up at the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Raulgar.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've
Eric Rosenbaum: we've brought, we've we've found your eyes and brought them back.
Eric Rosenbaum: but but you'll need to help us get to your body.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's in the storm, and that's dangerous for us.
Kate: Well, Seeker is talking to Heralgar.
Kate: Welby and I are like wrangling.
Kate: storm panicked, and horses and some beacon of axe, beak, and stuff, and getting them like I don't know in the mirror and the whole, and the something like the plan that we had like if we were going in the storm. We weren't going to bring panicked animals
Eric Rosenbaum: all right.
Kate: so we're gonna
Mike Sackton: Did we have a plan?
Kate: Yes, we did.
Kate: I was. At least we had a plan. Baxter
Timothy Sackton: Baxter can can shepherd the animals? Well be whispers to Baxter like
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you only have residence course, and and
Kate: this one's Pony and Baxter, anyway, and they're pretty good friends by the point. So right well, Richmond's pony ran away last time a different pony. But but Baxter wasn't very well trained last time.
Timothy Sackton: That's just gotten much better over the last. That was like
Timothy Sackton: 7 months ago. That was right out. Well, we had got. Well, we had like just caught Baxter like
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 days before. So
Timothy Sackton: so I think you can. You can trust
Timothy Sackton: trust Baxter to like. Keep keep track of the animals
Kate: all right.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, it takes a little bit of effort to like.
Timothy Sackton: Thank your pony, and
Timothy Sackton: well be to talk to Baxter, and, you know
Timothy Sackton: telepathically explain to him the situation like Don't run off.
Timothy Sackton: Keep an eye on the pony.
Timothy Sackton: and dow with and
Timothy Sackton: seeker are running towards Kenza now with the eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, with each that one. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: why not? That is yes.
Timothy Sackton: power.
Timothy Sackton: So Kenza turns
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: and a a smile.
Timothy Sackton: like a faint smile cracks on his lips.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: What are you waiting for? Come
Timothy Sackton: and begins hurrying into the storm?
Wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: Last time
Eric Rosenbaum: the storm almost destroyed us. We'll need your help. Can you make it safe for us
Timothy Sackton: like holds up his hands
Timothy Sackton: just like in. He is now like about a 100 feet from the storm, and there's a light mist falling.
Timothy Sackton: holds up his hands, just enjoying the storm like running his hands hands through Kenza's hair.
Timothy Sackton: It's the weather's wonderful.
Timothy Sackton: and it begins to speed up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'm just going to update Dick, and so skating. But
Timothy Sackton: matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look back at the others.
Eric Rosenbaum: So much for the plan.
Kate: Any of the plans?
Eric Rosenbaum: Was there a plan?
Mike Sackton: I think we just follow him
Mike Sackton: quickly before we lose sight of him.
Kate: Yep. Obviously.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's try to hold together. I
Eric Rosenbaum: search around in my pack for a rope, but come up with only with a rope ladder. It's like, okay, Take the end of this
Eric Rosenbaum: everybody's grabbing the on a different part of the rope letter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, I think the rope letter that I have now is the metal one.
Timothy Sackton: Is that right? What have I got?
Timothy Sackton: One rope ladder was that you've got the super long
Eric Rosenbaum: 40, 50 foot one. Yeah, that was designed to go into the depths of pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: you don't have the
Timothy Sackton: the one that got the shorter one from the where they got destroyed by the
Eric Rosenbaum: the Dragon
Eric Rosenbaum: right. The hero
Eric Rosenbaum: letter
Eric Rosenbaum: greatest of all
Eric Rosenbaum: characters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm. Holding on to the
Eric Rosenbaum: 50 foot rolled ladder and offering it to the others to grab.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can always animate it, if need be, and then
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know what happened then.
Timothy Sackton: So you all grab onto the 50 foot ladder
Timothy Sackton: and hold up the part of a whole quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Slam right into
Timothy Sackton: wellbe is
Timothy Sackton: lock at
Timothy Sackton: I a good shot after Kenzo
Mike Sackton: put the eyes back in the
possible
Eric Rosenbaum: before we charge after Kenzo. You sure
they're big.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't want to drop them. Yeah, we might need 2 hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sensible deal with good thinking. Let's put him back.
Kate: Yes.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I think we put the we put them back.
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: kong is distracting me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you begin
Timothy Sackton: charging into the storm.
Timothy Sackton: remembering from from wellbe's
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: from Well be scouting earlier that the that the storm itself is like
Timothy Sackton: 2 or 3 miles to the center. It's
Timothy Sackton: 4 to 6 miles across.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we've we've quite a quite a walk.
Timothy Sackton: So you've got yeah, you've got, and it's not easy going. It's muddy. It's
Timothy Sackton: like as you step into the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have any brain sense.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I got something for this here.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait!
Timothy Sackton: As you step into the storm.
Timothy Sackton: you know visibility drops to maybe
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet.
Timothy Sackton: you know you can't.
Timothy Sackton: It's misty.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is
that
Timothy Sackton: everything is gray.
Timothy Sackton: You you can't see.
Timothy Sackton: You can see maybe 10 or 15 front ahead of you. You can't even see the end of the ladder. Now.
Timothy Sackton: Only wait. What order! What order are you here.
Mike Sackton: Dallas? First, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then see here.
Mike Sackton: Well be, and then Rizman, maybe.
Kate: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the animals.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: animals are outside the storm. No animal has come into the storm.
Get me
Timothy Sackton: so only only deal with can even see
Timothy Sackton: tanza's form
Timothy Sackton: moving ahead of you, seemingly unaffected by the weather.
Timothy Sackton: still moving in that slow, clumsy way. Right? Not.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Not particularly.
Kate: Not particularly
Kate: do people facing magical challenges make craving curs.
Kate: Yes, right.
Timothy Sackton: yes.
Kate: responds as a quick prayer as we're all marching along, holding the ladder, and reaches out to bless
Kate: with and seeker, and well be
Timothy Sackton: with class only lasts for a minute. So it's not actually that useful for
Kate: for walking, for hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: for walking for hours.
Kate: I'm just worried about
Kate: mental harms.
Kate: possibly trying to
Kate: waiting for us to suddenly be told. You have to make a savings
Timothy Sackton: as as possible.
Timothy Sackton: but as you. So so what I was saying before only deal with can see
Timothy Sackton: only dull with can see. Kenza's warm ahead.
Timothy Sackton: and you know, after you've gone even 5 min, you can't
Timothy Sackton: Steve your way out.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can't see the clear sky from behind you
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: sorry Concus.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's even gone down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: it was down earlier today. It was being very slow, but I think it should be back.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: and as you, as you sort of chase after
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: you know, Dal with is sort of steering this
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: this ladder contraption, as you all are just trying to keep up, and it's actually not that hard
Timothy Sackton: to keep Kenzo within.
Timothy Sackton: you know, 10 or 15 feet of you.
Timothy Sackton: and he seems to be heading
Timothy Sackton: like Kenzo Seems to know exactly where he's going.
Timothy Sackton: heading in in a
Timothy Sackton: pretty
clear, straight line.
Timothy Sackton: heading
Timothy Sackton: presumably for the center of the storm. In any case you have no other better guidance.
Timothy Sackton: So you are just chasing after Kenzel, and this this goes on for the next
Timothy Sackton: 2030 min. It's hard to
Timothy Sackton: even keep track of time in the storm.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard.
Timothy Sackton: it is.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's
Timothy Sackton: hard to know how far you've gone. It's hard to know
Timothy Sackton: how much longer there is to go.
Timothy Sackton: and as you as you
Timothy Sackton: for grass.
Timothy Sackton: the wind just gets louder and louder and louder
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: It's loud enough
Timothy Sackton: after you've gone for maybe 45 min. Just this howling roar of
Timothy Sackton: of the wind.
Timothy Sackton: the storm, the cracks of thunder. You basically can't hear
Timothy Sackton: each other more than you can't hear anything more than about 10 feet away from you
Timothy Sackton: when the visibility is still maybe 10 or 15 feet.
Timothy Sackton: so conversation is essentially impossible. At this point
Eric Rosenbaum: I can recast
Eric Rosenbaum: my
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't look at my courage, my
Mike Sackton: yeah, my my my d and D beyond is also not bringing up my character. Just i'm getting a 5 of 4.
Mike Sackton: I'm getting a we rolled a one on our Api Check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So that's good.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I have. I have our gateway. I'm pain open. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Kate: my answer is okay for the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Huh?
Timothy Sackton: Maybe the mobile site works.
That is.
Mike Sackton: the app is not loading, either.
Timothy Sackton: Amazing?
Kate: You have. Yeah, Well, we at
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I actually.
Mike Sackton: the apps loading is just being slept.
Timothy Sackton: You know the happens.
Timothy Sackton: It's not learning for me
Mike Sackton: I got. I got that with the let's see if I can get to my spells.
Mike Sackton: That's what I was just trying to say. Okay? Well, I vaguely remember everybody's characters.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's My, we' it.
Timothy Sackton: I hope My.
Timothy Sackton: that's sort of working.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there's clearly some sort of issue, but I can sort of see my spells at least, so that's all. I really
Timothy Sackton: your
Timothy Sackton: the
A.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: telepathy spell. The only problem is to cast as a ritual requires
Timothy Sackton: 10 min.
Timothy Sackton: and we're walking through a storm. Yeah, and you're walking through a storm where it might be somewhat difficult to richly cast a spell. You can spend a stalls on that.
Timothy Sackton: but that's a typical slot.
Timothy Sackton: and the prospects of a long rest inside the storm are.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would say, not high. We don't have a lot to chat about right now, so i'll hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Wellbey can. Still well be. Is this line of sight, so we we can talk to
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Timothy Sackton: but not deal with.
Timothy Sackton: So Dwith was just totally in communicat with everybody.
Kate: I mean it is sending him if we needed to.
Kate: Again.
Timothy Sackton: as you, as you sort of continue racing
Timothy Sackton: against the storm being being led into this
Timothy Sackton: Malstrom by
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: by
Timothy Sackton: by deal with. There is suddenly a crack of lightning
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: blast of
Let me see
right.
Timothy Sackton: A blast of lightning strikes
Timothy Sackton: seeker
Timothy Sackton: as you
Timothy Sackton: have to make a dexterity, saving third to dodge out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another way to do that which is oned 20 plus 5,
Eric Rosenbaum: you can roll into into beyond.
Eric Rosenbaum: even on a rolls. Many.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's money yet. But
Eric Rosenbaum: so
that's
Eric Rosenbaum: I actually have a
Eric Rosenbaum: just roll, a dice. So it's plus
Timothy Sackton: plus 5.
Mike Sackton: I go. But actually I should go find my actual face.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got an 11 plus 5 is 16.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you got out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: You only take
Mike Sackton: well we can't take any damage, because nobody knows how to keep track of their hit points. So that's fine. You don't need to tell us
Timothy Sackton: you only take 15 points of lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, boy, I'm going to do this old school. Let me get a piece of paper.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's kind of fun this way. Actually.
the
Eric Rosenbaum: I enjoyed rowing, and I.
Timothy Sackton: But as the lightning strikes you.
Timothy Sackton: your hands
Timothy Sackton: begin to glow.
Timothy Sackton: and, like lightning, is crackling
from your hands.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see seeker deal with.
Timothy Sackton: Where's when
Kate: you say our broke flatter was made out of metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I think what it actually was that it has metal spikes at the ends. I forget why, but it it's a rope ladder, but it has metal spikes of that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's not like it's not like a lightning Lightning is not racing down the entire right.
That
Timothy Sackton: good question. But Seeker's hands are now like crackling with lightning
Timothy Sackton: as you walk, and you can see like occasionally the little, so the rest of you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Well.
Timothy Sackton: Galworth and Wellbe can see like little sparks
Timothy Sackton: like jumping off a seeker, and you're like, you know. Your beard is all puffed out.
Timothy Sackton: her hair is standing up on end.
Timothy Sackton: and as the as the
Timothy Sackton: as the
Timothy Sackton: the wind gets stronger and the lightning
Timothy Sackton: roars louder. It also is now getting darker and darker as you progress into the storm
Timothy Sackton: to the point where it's now effectively dim, lay.
Timothy Sackton: So everybody is just like proceeding happily, I guess
Mike Sackton: happily might be over selling it.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, proceeding.
Eric Rosenbaum: I try to ground myself
Eric Rosenbaum: to discharge the lightning
Eric Rosenbaum: by
Eric Rosenbaum: taking a
Eric Rosenbaum: small sword or dagger, or whatever I've got, and sticking it into the ground
Timothy Sackton: as you do, you find actually that you can control it
Timothy Sackton: like you can control? You find like you're actually fascinated by this for a moment, because
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like
Timothy Sackton: It's almost like you can pull it back into your hand and then send it back out again as you begin to experiment.
and
Timothy Sackton: you now know that shocking grasp can't drop.
Eric Rosenbaum: or
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't even buy. I guess I pick that up action.
The
I'll keep notes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, my notes are still working.
Let's see who is now with is in the front.
Timothy Sackton: and you're keeping an eye out. Your
Timothy Sackton: looking back and forth as you attempt to.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Keep track of Kenzo, who is
Timothy Sackton: struggle? Who is, you know, occasionally vanishing into the mist as you run forward, yanking a rope ladder behind you.
Timothy Sackton: and you start to see the
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: water begins to shimmer.
Timothy Sackton: the mud
Timothy Sackton: starting to rise and
Timothy Sackton: twist and begin to try to spell out strange words and symbols.
Eric Rosenbaum: I this is water.
Timothy Sackton: your it's like mud that you're tromping through at this point like the grass is twisting
Timothy Sackton: and forming into worms.
Mike Sackton: Hold on a second. I'm. Trying to read a spell description, but it's not coming up
Eric Rosenbaum: the role. Twenty's belt descriptions work even the role. Twenty's.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do not. Every spell is on Rule 20. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: most of them are
Timothy Sackton: just not the to
Mike Sackton: can. I
Mike Sackton: wait. So this is like what are in the mud, right?
Timothy Sackton: The grass, the mud, the water. Yes, it's all beginning to
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: can, I? There's there's like puddles on the ground right?
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah. Well, i'm going to cast shape water and just erase the writing
Eric Rosenbaum: with a big stream of water. I'll catch on to what you're doing and choose another area and mold earth to try to smooth it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: The words.
Timothy Sackton: the words vanish, and Kenzo turns back and looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: lightning now flashing in his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: and it blanks a few times.
Timothy Sackton: and then just shakes his head
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: turns and begins to run.
Timothy Sackton: moving faster now
Timothy Sackton: into the storm.
Mike Sackton: Ron, like we're not going to be able to keep up with him.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, he's stumbling as he like. He'll take
Timothy Sackton: It's almost as if he is expecting his, his, each stride to cover 15 feet, and it only covers.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: 6, and so he runs and then stumbles and picks himself up. It's a very awkward looking run.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it's an attempt at a run, but
Timothy Sackton: not a very successful one.
Timothy Sackton: but it's not actually moving very much faster than he was before. Okay.
Mike Sackton: so it's not like he's going to escape.
Timothy Sackton: No, no.
Timothy Sackton: well be welcome.
Timothy Sackton: You are all holding on to a rope ladder as you chase after a possessed kenzo into the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Of course Baxter has been instructed to
Timothy Sackton: keep Brisbane's pony safe
Timothy Sackton: and left behind outside.
Timothy Sackton: You've been running for about an hour
Timothy Sackton: Seeker was struck by lightning.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: ringing of the of the thunder and and lightning here is so loud that you cannot speak for more than
Timothy Sackton: you can't hear anything more than 10 feet away
Timothy Sackton: away from you, and you can't see more than about 15 feet.
Timothy Sackton: But other than that, everything's great when Kenza thinks the weather is fine.
Rev. David (he/him): Wow, okay.
Rev. David (he/him): that's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: So far, so good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look, I was just trying to use snap camera to get a lightning effect, and it turns out they shut the whole thing down.
Rev. David (he/him): Are we chasing after him in an effort to get out of the storm, or an effort to get through the storm to the center. Do we think we're going in through the storm?
Kate: He thinks he knows where he's going.
Mike Sackton: and wow, we don't know if he knows where he's going. We just
Mike Sackton: didn't have a better idea.
Kate: It's very purposeful.
Kate: The best monk.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like he, and so is moving very purposely. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and D and d beyond is that so? If you have any dice, hit
it's all
Timothy Sackton: we're sort of doing our best to remember people's, characters.
Kate: Mine is still working.
Mike Sackton: I mean, mine is working. But my phone. My character is open on my phone
Mike Sackton: and that seems to be okay
Rev. David (he/him): interesting.
Timothy Sackton: I've got. I've got seeker on my phone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Timothy Sackton: The the app is working better than the website.
Mike Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: But we'll see how it comes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as you continue.
Timothy Sackton: You know you've just seen sort of runes beginning to form, and in it it was really only in the front. You were deal with his wiped away with water.
Timothy Sackton: and you continue, and it's as you proceed, as getting darker and darker.
Timothy Sackton: Now, feeling as if you're moving from
Timothy Sackton: twilight into
Timothy Sackton: sort of true darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Accept that every now and then there'll be a flash of lightning in that
Timothy Sackton: illuminates the
Timothy Sackton: the storm in front of you
Timothy Sackton: crackling, and the
Timothy Sackton: the storm and the
Timothy Sackton: and you know you'll see Kenzo lit up in front of you. You'll You'll see the
Timothy Sackton: the
I
Timothy Sackton: You'll see the latter like
Timothy Sackton: illuminated in this flash of light
Eric Rosenbaum: occasionally seeker shoots little sparks between his fingertips.
Eric Rosenbaum: seemingly experimenting.
Timothy Sackton: and as you, as you.
Timothy Sackton: as you continue the lightning as it gets darker, the lightning almost seems to get brighter
Timothy Sackton: and brighter.
Timothy Sackton: and it begins to
collect.
Timothy Sackton: and it almost seems to be like it's gathering around Kenzo like
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Lightning is beginning to gather around him.
Timothy Sackton: and now he's starting to even glow slightly, as like sparks of lightning
Timothy Sackton: are
Timothy Sackton: shooting off of his body.
Timothy Sackton: which at least makes it easier for you to see him in the mist and fog of the
and
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo continues to run as you as you proceed.
Timothy Sackton: And then suddenly
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: light in front of you that is, Kansas stops moving, and again he turns back
Timothy Sackton: and
let's see wellbe
Timothy Sackton: you begin to hear
Timothy Sackton: this whisper
Timothy Sackton: quietly in your mind like under the thunder
Timothy Sackton: cutting through the noise of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: It almost sounds like Kenza's voice, but it is
Timothy Sackton: the cadence is off.
Timothy Sackton: and it's speaking a language that
Timothy Sackton: when you stop to think about it, you don't you. You know the sounds are foreign, but the meaning is clear in your head.
Timothy Sackton: It says.
Timothy Sackton: I can see everything now
Timothy Sackton: I can see so clearly.
Timothy Sackton: I can see
Timothy Sackton: beyond the storm.
Timothy Sackton: I can see.
Timothy Sackton: and then it
Timothy Sackton: shift slightly.
Timothy Sackton: almost
Timothy Sackton: almost gleeful.
Timothy Sackton: What would you have me Look at? What would you know?
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I read it right.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll convey that to the rest of the party too
Rev. David (he/him): telepathically.
Rev. David (he/him): quickly. Now it is the input you can talk.
Timothy Sackton: You can talk to dow with and
Timothy Sackton: seeker, but not rising
Timothy Sackton: because too far away out of sight. You can only see
Timothy Sackton: about 10 or 15 feet away from oh, wow!
Rev. David (he/him): To to the implication. There, what would you have me see locally, or what would you have me see anywhere in the world
Rev. David (he/him): in all of time and space.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know
Timothy Sackton: more the ladder than the former, though
Eric Rosenbaum: in the intro we got dense from the winds in each direction
Eric Rosenbaum: of the news of the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we do have some questions about exactly what's going on like. For example, the shadowy something or other that's tracking us.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's to the west.
You.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if you can ask
Eric Rosenbaum: to see that
Eric Rosenbaum: was true.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should. I think we should ask where the cloak is?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it it. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): I think. What? What's the formal name of it Again, I forget what it's.
Rev. David (he/him): We'll put it
Rev. David (he/him): the cloak of
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, i'll ask. That
Rev. David (he/him): was the question. What would you have? Me see?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Tell me the place.
Rev. David (he/him): Tell me what it looks like.
Rev. David (he/him): The place where the mantle of protection rests.
Timothy Sackton: Make a intelligence saving.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's a plus.
Rev. David (he/him): I've got my!
But I rolled a 16.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, sorry, put plus proficiency. So yeah, so
Rev. David (he/him): 20 altogether right.
Mike Sackton: If you're efficient in in intelligence saves I am proficient and intelligent.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as
Timothy Sackton: as
Timothy Sackton: the whispers get louder and louder and louder.
Timothy Sackton: just whispering, chanting under under their under.
Timothy Sackton: not really under your breath, but cutting into your mind.
Timothy Sackton: You feel
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: pain cutting through
Timothy Sackton: your thoughts, making
Timothy Sackton: distraction, making.
Timothy Sackton: concentrating on anything impossible.
Timothy Sackton: almost like your
Timothy Sackton: head is being split open.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: for a minute you feel as if you are floating outside your body entirely.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: just drifting on the wind.
Timothy Sackton: and then you are blown
Timothy Sackton: as if by a hurricane
Timothy Sackton: somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: You're moving too fast to see the land, to see anything
Timothy Sackton: sweeping past a blur of a desert below you.
Timothy Sackton: A river.
Timothy Sackton: not one you've ever seen before, or at least not something that you recognize from this height of the speed
Timothy Sackton: you being blown east.
Timothy Sackton: You know that much from the shadows and the direction of the sun.
Timothy Sackton: and you see below you
Timothy Sackton: farms on the river
Timothy Sackton: Irrigation.
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: castle
Timothy Sackton: built into the
Timothy Sackton: the the cliffs in this rough desert land
Timothy Sackton: You're blown through the castle quickly.
Timothy Sackton: You see
Timothy Sackton: an art
Timothy Sackton: sitting on a throne
Timothy Sackton: wearing the cloak
Rev. David (he/him): we shared with.
Eric Rosenbaum: and you are blown away.
Timothy Sackton: and you take 21 points of psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: But was that an illusion, or was it like a 1,000 years ago?
Kate: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: no. I think that's current that fits man that fits totally fits. Yeah. We, the leader of the peaceful, the leader of the peaceful Orcs, is, we're protecting the arcs from their god, who makes them more like I thought that river was a dry
Eric Rosenbaum: riverbed, though.
Rev. David (he/him): No, this is another river, this isn't the river.
Rev. David (he/him): It's further east.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, if you look at the
Mike Sackton: it's it's it's: yeah, yeah, yeah, See where it says it works. Little X. It's there.
Rev. David (he/him): But that also answers Why, there's an army marching east from Carson. Well, you can't just send a team of people East. You need an army
Rev. David (he/him): because the leader of the Orcs is going to.
Rev. David (he/him): That also makes our task a lot more complicated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why?
Rev. David (he/him): Well.
Rev. David (he/him): because
Rev. David (he/him): if we successfully recover the cloak.
Rev. David (he/him): then the leader of the peaceful Orcs will no longer be protected
Rev. David (he/him): from the influence of the evil or God.
Mike Sackton: and will become evil
presumably.
Rev. David (he/him): and even if we wanted to take it, it suggests there's a whole
Rev. David (he/him): country.
Rev. David (he/him): an army and city and fortress between us and the cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
Eric Rosenbaum: How big is this flying castle? Maybe we just take them all with us.
Timothy Sackton: It's not that big.
Timothy Sackton: It's not even as big as a normal castle. I mean it's like
Timothy Sackton: It's like a large stelling ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: 6 bathroom, 6 and a half Bath
Eric Rosenbaum: Castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 bedroom castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now. I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: it does complicate things that is amazing, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! We! What else should we have him in?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's it now. Well, he's got a splitting headache and his clutching his hat as he was suddenly dislocated back into his body.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean Wow!
Timothy Sackton: That was right, but conveniently not driven mad by the experience
Timothy Sackton: not backstanding anybody
Timothy Sackton: done well on your saving period so far.
Timothy Sackton: So, after a moment now
Timothy Sackton: glowing, Kenzo turns
Timothy Sackton: and begins. After this whisper begins heading back, and you've been traveling now for at least an hour
Timothy Sackton: or more. It's hard to say. Maybe
Timothy Sackton: maybe 2 h.
Timothy Sackton: We've gone
Timothy Sackton: surely gone at least a mile.
Timothy Sackton: possibly
Timothy Sackton: possibly 2.
Timothy Sackton: Hard to know how fast you're going. But Kenza is certainly not moving super fast.
Timothy Sackton: But you've gone, you know you've clearly gone.
You know
Timothy Sackton: some
Timothy Sackton: good portion of the way.
Timothy Sackton: and Kenzo is beginning to. You Get the sense that is beginning to.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Get used to this body right, and so it's starting to move a little bit faster. And so you're having to pick up the pace and it's.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's
Timothy Sackton: more difficult. It's it's
Timothy Sackton: harder to.
Timothy Sackton: It's harder to focus now as you're forced to
Timothy Sackton: run in a.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: as best you can.
chasing across this landscape, following
Timothy Sackton: following Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: the lightning
Timothy Sackton: strikes again.
this time
Timothy Sackton: striking rizwin
Timothy Sackton: dexterity save and throw
Timothy Sackton: he's wearing full plate yup, wearing full-plate armor.
Timothy Sackton: carrying a
Timothy Sackton: large metal war hammer
Timothy Sackton: the lightning courses through your body doing 42 points of damage
Mike Sackton: aches.
Eric Rosenbaum: Theoretically.
Eric Rosenbaum: the armor could make a path around you
Eric Rosenbaum: of low resistance
Eric Rosenbaum: theoretically, and
Timothy Sackton: I think I think you would still feel it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: as you continue to rush forward now, Rizwin staggers briefly and
Timothy Sackton: gets up. You suddenly see, looming
Timothy Sackton: in front of you
Timothy Sackton: the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: the crashed airship in the center of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: not realizing you had even gone that far.
Timothy Sackton: The rain is still intense here. There's no
Timothy Sackton: peaceful eye in which you can rest
Timothy Sackton: or recover.
Timothy Sackton: The winds are blowing fiercely.
Timothy Sackton: and yet you see in front of you now this
Timothy Sackton: like prow, almost like what? Now that you know it's an airship. It looks clearly like the prow of a ship sticking out of the ground.
Timothy Sackton: the power
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Standing at the highest point.
Timothy Sackton: the narrow path leading up the rocks.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo now glowing brightly as he begins to head
Timothy Sackton: ahead of you, now moving
Timothy Sackton: quicker and quicker up the path.
Timothy Sackton: turning, and you can see
Timothy Sackton: as he turns back
Timothy Sackton: looking at you.
Timothy Sackton: his
Timothy Sackton: facade has changed. It's grown angry.
Timothy Sackton: no longer laughing.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Go!
Timothy Sackton: And begins to proceed into the tower. As the
Timothy Sackton: clouds
Timothy Sackton: around
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the storm, the winds begin to coalesce
Timothy Sackton: almost into a wall, or a
Timothy Sackton: a creature standing up the path. The engines to the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza vanishes into the mist.
Timothy Sackton: the stairs
Timothy Sackton: and you are left at the bottom.
Eric Rosenbaum: How high are the stairs?
Timothy Sackton: So the tower itself is maybe
Timothy Sackton: 30, 40 feet into the like, up from the ground. So there's like a rock a cliff that jots up maybe
Timothy Sackton: 30, 40 feet, and then the tower itself is 4 stories, so it goes up
Timothy Sackton: again another 40 feet, so it's about 80 feet from
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the floor. The ground where you're on to the top of the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: maybe it maybe a bit taller. It's. It's certainly. I mean, this is all based on your memory. It's like totally out of sight right now.
Timothy Sackton: You can barely. You can't even really see beyond that
Timothy Sackton: first 10 feet up the
Timothy Sackton: steps.
Timothy Sackton: But the noise dies down in the center.
Timothy Sackton: The wind is
Timothy Sackton: still blowing, the it's still raining. You're all sort of huddled in your cloaks.
Timothy Sackton: the lightning still flashes of the ever-present danger. Of lightning. Strikes
Timothy Sackton: but the noise has died down somewhat here.
Kate: I think. Cast of feelings. Go on myself. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Kate: go ahead and do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's some kind of intimate storm creature blocking the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: There is like a wall of
Timothy Sackton: missed. It can't really see what's on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: It's like a fog bank.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast.
Mike Sackton: destroy water and get rid of the fog bank.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: A guy, is it.
Kate: Tim? Can you help me figure out how many planes I might have regained
Kate: my DNA wedding went down to.
Kate: I know you're wound up.
Kate: What do I remember? The thing went away now.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, your d and d beyond is not working anymore. Okay, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: At
Timothy Sackton: for some reason I was working better on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you could cast
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: cure wounds as one d 8 plus 5,
Timothy Sackton: and it gives an extra date for every level above
Timothy Sackton: above. First, that you cast that
Kate: the second calendar we use any
Timothy Sackton: spell slots yet. So yeah, the second level here. We also have a couple of dates, and maybe fine. Okay. So 2D 8, plus 5.
Timothy Sackton: So as Rizwin stops a moment to
Timothy Sackton: Oh, here. I got your I got your character on my phone. I can mark off the spells lab for you.
Timothy Sackton: Nope, I don't have your character on your phone. I have
Timothy Sackton: your character from ages ago.
Kate: Don't worry about it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'll. I'll just keep track on the paper. We're going old school.
Timothy Sackton: I think you cast a third level. So last time
Timothy Sackton: we're playing rules like today.
Timothy Sackton: But role did you roll to the a plus 5?
Kate: I'm trying to figure out how to
one bowl 20.
Kate: I could just go get some place.
Kate: and figuring this out.
Kate: he 8.
Timothy Sackton: So while resident is healing yourself, deal with
Timothy Sackton: casts
Timothy Sackton: so so 12.
Mike Sackton: How big is this fog bank
Timothy Sackton: while you, I mean you can only see about 10 or 15 people, but you can't see how big it is.
Rev. David (he/him): How hard is the wind?
Rev. David (he/him): Would it like? Blow away a small creature like a bat
Timothy Sackton: as us?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: a bat would definitely struggle.
Rev. David (he/him): How about a rat close to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: A right, a rat would probably be okay if it could stay huddled.
Rev. David (he/him): Awesome
Timothy Sackton: How? How, what big, how bad an area can destroy water. Destroy Can anybody. 30 dirty-foot cube?
Mike Sackton: But that's if I cast it
Mike Sackton: that's if I cast it at first level with a sorcery slot, if I cast it at Fifth Level with a warlock slot. It's 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: That's what I was trying to figure out.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: it's very difficult to see much, because
Timothy Sackton: you know everything is obscured by the right
Timothy Sackton: by the rain
Timothy Sackton: and the fog. But there is a thicker conglomeration of fog that seems to be
Timothy Sackton: like the thick opaque. So it's basically everything's lightly obscured except for
Timothy Sackton: about
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet across
Timothy Sackton: in front of the path, and then going up
Timothy Sackton: some distance. You have no idea how far it goes back
Timothy Sackton: that's heavily obscured, like a
Timothy Sackton: thick fog bank that's settled across
Timothy Sackton: the path going on.
Timothy Sackton: But as but as far as you can see from side to side. It's about 30 feet across.
Timothy Sackton: but it could go. You could go 40 feet back. You have no idea, i'm far back.
Kate: Does that make sense from the tower
Mike Sackton: we weren't that far from the tower. To begin with, as we saw there right right how close is the tower you Haven't seen it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can't you don't by memory, right? You can't see the tower at all. You can the base of the stairs right?
Timothy Sackton: You're at the base of the stairs you can see the cliff. Your recollection is that
Timothy Sackton: the the have zigzag up about 40 feet
Timothy Sackton: to the base of the tower, and then the tower goes up 40 feet above that
it
Timothy Sackton: but it maybe is. Maybe those are off by 10 feet or 20 feet like it was a number of months ago. You don't remember clearly.
Kate: but the fog bank is blocking our view of the zigzagging stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the fog bank is sitting right at the bottom of the stairs. So who knows what's behind us
Timothy Sackton: other than Kenz? I just ran up.
Rev. David (he/him): So I want to try something. I'm, i'm gonna take this opportunity
Rev. David (he/him): to reach into my hat and pull out a rat.
Rev. David (he/him): and then I want to beast sense into it
Rev. David (he/him): and see if it can scout on ahead through the fog for us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, maybe I'm: I'm gonna wait to cast anything until
Mike Sackton: Wellby does his scouting thing. But
Mike Sackton: actually.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
i'm going to work it.
Mike Sackton: See how your scouting thing goes for a minute.
Cool
Kate: Your experience with the lightning, I know, was less
Kate: painful than mind, did you?
Kate: If you wanted me healing before we go forward, or well be with your headache.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel fine.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm. Still, okay, Ish: i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm down a little, but we don't know what's ahead.
Timothy Sackton: So you, the you follow while be in the rat as you begin to
Timothy Sackton: sturdy to the clouds, and it's like dense fog. You cannot. You can see.
you know.
Timothy Sackton: a few feet in front of your rat little rat eyes.
Timothy Sackton: Morad is like shivering and sort of huddled close to the ground as it tries to avoid
Timothy Sackton: the the rain. At least the noise is a bit less here in the center, even though that
Timothy Sackton: the lightning and the and the wind and the rain are still still blowing.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: suddenly out of nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: some
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: blast of wind, or something like, of course.
Timothy Sackton: strikes you, and the rat dies.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, no, that's very disturbing. Well, I'm seeing through it senses
Eric Rosenbaum: there are no
Rev. David (he/him): man. How about how far up was that
20 feet?
Rev. David (he/him): Well got 20 feet ahead.
Mike Sackton: all right. I'm gonna i'm gonna
Mike Sackton: let's see what's here.
Mike Sackton: I'll do a first Level spell. Just dry a 30 foot cube.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: as the thick mist
Timothy Sackton: disintegrates to
Timothy Sackton: to deal with
Timothy Sackton: magic.
Timothy Sackton: You can see sort of in front
Timothy Sackton: like hanging on the side of the path.
A
pair of
creatures. I guess you'd describe them.
Timothy Sackton: They look almost like sort of vaguely humanoid tornadoes
Timothy Sackton: that are sort of hovering, waiting
Timothy Sackton: clearly, intending to ambush people in the fog.
Timothy Sackton: and just ahead of them, on the path
Timothy Sackton: is a larger
Timothy Sackton: dorm, maybe with eyes.
Rev. David (he/him): maybe the small tragic body of a rat.
Timothy Sackton: any sign of Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: broken form.
Timothy Sackton: and so, as
Timothy Sackton: in the tower or somewhere, like he never came back out of the fog.
Mike Sackton: Do we think these are bad guys that we should kill.
Rev. David (he/him): They killed a rat, I mean. It was just a rat.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rat didn't harm anybody. I believe I could to dimension door myself right up to the tower, and I could bring one other
Eric Rosenbaum: with me.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that leaves
Timothy Sackton: 2 more. Yeah, creature is now exposed out of the fog
Timothy Sackton: as the mist has cleared, creating plenty of visibility.
Timothy Sackton: begin drifting towards you, and sort of
Timothy Sackton: look at you.
Mike Sackton: I mean we can. Why.
Mike Sackton: it gets time to fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I can't exactly fly on my own, can I?
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast fly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who are you targeting?
Rev. David (he/him): Spread my wings and fly
Mike Sackton: the I'm targeting the 3 of us who don't have wings.
Timothy Sackton: Our guys do that so you all can fly. Let's fly.
Timothy Sackton: Wait, hold on! Where are my?
Eric Rosenbaum: And now it's a dangerous plan a little bit, because our adversaries.
Eric Rosenbaum: presumably
Rev. David (he/him): the goal is to get to the door and get inside as quickly as possible, just to try and bypass the fight. I think that makes sense.
Kate: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 2 of them were not
Mike Sackton: weren't 2 of them. I thought, Tim said they were like
Mike Sackton: where all 3 of them storms
Timothy Sackton: that one is a big storm. 2 of them are tornadoes.
tornado.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: can you all? Can you just roll initiative so I can
Timothy Sackton: keep things organized.
Timothy Sackton: We'll go for something a little bit.
and
Mike Sackton: I can. I can. I roll initiative? That's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: Just roll a d 20,
Timothy Sackton: and add
Timothy Sackton: What's your decks modifier?
Timothy Sackton: Your dax is like plus 2.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I mean, I have advantage. But so I rolled twice. But
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, we didn't need to all 3 times
Mike Sackton: 16.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what's my not here.
Timothy Sackton: plus one
Eric Rosenbaum: is.
Kate: I don't have a plus to my initiative. Those just 2 h of straight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Now, the question is all these fancy hungry monsters I made? Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: or I should say chat Gp made i'm going to have to go back to that
Timothy Sackton: chat Gbt log
nice
Mike Sackton: they won't come up on a
Timothy Sackton: they won't come up on D and D beyond. I need to go get some physical dices when we raise here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Kate: it is harder.
Timothy Sackton: It's fine. I'll! I'll just go and
on it
Timothy Sackton: Isaac has all her dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: It was a little terrible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, they are all well.
Timothy Sackton: Wait. Who were all the 18?
Eric Rosenbaum: I did
Eric Rosenbaum: little living storms.
Kate: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So the 2,
Timothy Sackton: the 2 tornadoes, as you are exposed and begin
Timothy Sackton: the cast of spell.
Timothy Sackton: are going to
Timothy Sackton: just indiscriminately start blasting wind
Timothy Sackton: in your direction.
Timothy Sackton: I think if you're planning on flying a battle map, it's probably not that useful, because you'll be.
Timothy Sackton: The terrain becomes the fog, and the terrain are now pointless. So that's that's good.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm not even gonna bother putting you guys on the map.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: let's see if I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: It has a nice map
Mike Sackton: is a nice nap.
Where is my
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So
Timothy Sackton: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: 4 blasts of wind
Timothy Sackton: come flying in your direction. Who is in front dow with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: and who is who is second
Timothy Sackton: seeker or a resident? Or
Kate: I was last. How are you all lined up? I'm: Second: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah. Then me and this one left.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So Rizman is out of brain. So 2
Timothy Sackton: to come for Dow with both myths.
Timothy Sackton: one for resident
Timothy Sackton: badliness.
Timothy Sackton: when for seek or myth of wow, a 2, a 3, and 2 cores.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were they?
Timothy Sackton: Blasts of wind, blast of wind, Same thing that killed the rats
Timothy Sackton: and then deal with.
Deal with Seeker and rizwin
Timothy Sackton: in any order
Timothy Sackton: deal with. I presume Dallas will go first of that clump because the other one is testing fly.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: well be
Timothy Sackton: a wellbe is super slow, so we'll be. We'll go at the end. Where is when
Timothy Sackton: Seeker and
Timothy Sackton: I deal with now all
Timothy Sackton: sprout
Timothy Sackton: flight
Timothy Sackton: and begin to
Timothy Sackton: soar into the air.
Timothy Sackton: or at least gain the ability to sort into the air.
Timothy Sackton: That's your action. Now, with what else are you doing? If anything?
Mike Sackton: So let's see how we're like.
Timothy Sackton: where I mean you're not.
Mike Sackton: Where is the entrance to the tower
Timothy Sackton: like right here.
Timothy Sackton: And we're like, yeah, really.
Timothy Sackton: you're down at the bottom
Mike Sackton: like here.
Timothy Sackton: now, like here? No, no.
Mike Sackton: I see. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's
Timothy Sackton: none of the fog has cleared it's longer than you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. So the pack the path doesn't go straight up right. The path curves so, even though it's 40 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: the actual distance that the planet travels is longer. But this is a slant right. This is the
Timothy Sackton: ipot news. So
Timothy Sackton: like, if you want to go straight up, you can get to the level of the tower.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to go my diagonal up to be like up
Mike Sackton: above them
Mike Sackton: like here is
Timothy Sackton: so like as far as I can go, kind of at a 45 degree. Angle.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you're probably
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet above them, or something like that 20 feet above them
Timothy Sackton: I can put. I can put out your tokens. If where are your tokens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I think that.
Kate: So we we gave Speaker back his ladder, and we're not holding it anymore.
Timothy Sackton: are we? I would assume you are no longer holding the rat ladder because you are.
or as well, but there will be.
Kate: You could fly and hold the ladder, but
Kate: probably not a choice for making what i'm saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like partly trailing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can always animate it if you wanted to.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: secret and wisdom. Still, you guys got to decide what you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I cast slow targeting all 3 of the storm creatures
Eric Rosenbaum: you should be able to
Eric Rosenbaum: in it. They are definitely within range.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just
Timothy Sackton: 5 feet from them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just want to not hit. Deal with
Timothy Sackton: no slow. Let you pick the targets alright, now with can be in the queue. But you can just say, down with us on a back.
Eric Rosenbaum: or that he is.
Eric Rosenbaum: but he's not
Eric Rosenbaum: like Whoa! Everybody
Eric Rosenbaum: slow down.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's a wisdom save
Eric Rosenbaum: so pluses
Eric Rosenbaum: listen safe.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: the storm
Timothy Sackton: and this one here, like you can see, like even the movement of the clouds of that sort of motion of their.
Timothy Sackton: The motion of those creatures just begins to.
Timothy Sackton: We get this to contract a little, and they
Timothy Sackton: begin to slow down. The
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: preacher here is unaffected.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I missed it. Which one
Timothy Sackton: it may. This this one here is, and i'm going to put a status in the one. Then
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm also flying forward a little ways.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So these 2, the ones of the little clocks are slowed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Timothy Sackton: I'm rizwin
Kate: I'm.
Kate: And
Kate: well, I guess that
Kate: Well, sure i'll try spirit guardians, which is like radiant damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: but you gotta. That's the spirit Guardians is
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: circle around you that anybody who starts their turn in that circle takes gradient.
Timothy Sackton: I mentioned.
Kate: Yeah, okay.
Kate: right. So
Kate: sure. But then everybody's flying to be
Kate: sort of near the nourish them right like, so
Kate: I can do the same distance.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can fly 60 feet right?
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet. Yep.
Correct.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So 15 foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's your spirit, guardians or I.
Timothy Sackton: So if you fly to like
Timothy Sackton: they are and stay low to the ground
Timothy Sackton: if you fly to there and stay low to the ground. Then all of them will get hit when they start their turn.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: this storm creature will make his wisdom, save
Timothy Sackton: which fails. So
Timothy Sackton: can you roll your damage, for
Kate: there it is. Yeah.
So
Kate: oh, my goodness!
Kate: 2, 8 and a 2
Kate: that 18
Timothy Sackton: 18. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and he is also
Timothy Sackton: slow as he starts a turn.
Timothy Sackton: and just
Timothy Sackton: like is barely moving.
Timothy Sackton: But well.
Timothy Sackton: so what is slow You can. You can only make an attack or
Timothy Sackton: it can't make more than one attack, and it can only use an action or a bonus action. It can't make reactions. Okay, got it.
Timothy Sackton: So this creature is like sort of staggering, and it is going to
Timothy Sackton: unleash a crack of thunder.
Timothy Sackton: and the
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: rocks shake the walls. Shake.
Timothy Sackton: and you see, like sort of
Timothy Sackton: emerging from
Timothy Sackton: from the cracks like around
Timothy Sackton: the sort of
Timothy Sackton: edges of the storm. Here.
Timothy Sackton: 3 shapes
Timothy Sackton: they look almost like they're sort of shimmering like sound.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Timothy Sackton: and that is all
Timothy Sackton: he is going to get to do.
Timothy Sackton: because he is
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: does not resist the effects.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they.
Rev. David (he/him): what is the total distance from where I am to the door to the tower as best I know where it is
Timothy Sackton: like. If you just go in a straight if you go as straight as possible.
Timothy Sackton: It's probably something like
Timothy Sackton: like 80 feet
Timothy Sackton: 90 feet
Rev. David (he/him): awesome, 100 feet
Rev. David (he/him): with move
Rev. David (he/him): and dash
Rev. David (he/him): and cunning action.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Rev. David (he/him): I can fly 120 feet.
Rev. David (he/him): What I want to do is get all the way up to the door while avoiding getting too close to these guys like avoiding getting within 10 feet of them or so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the 2 that are slowed can't take reactions. So it doesn't matter how close you get to. I mean.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, okay. So I won't worry about them as much.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So you know, just like slightly. I mean, you have enough extra movement. You might have to clip the edge of this of this storm creature here, because it's the highest up.
Timothy Sackton: But you can like. Go up and go right over, and it's also the biggest.
Timothy Sackton: but it's also slowed, so it
Timothy Sackton: presumably won't. Be able to do anything to you
Rev. David (he/him): terrific. My whole thought is just to get up there and start working and getting the door open
Rev. David (he/him): so we can all go in and not have to fight a 1 million storms.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Bobby flies up.
Timothy Sackton: Dash bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: action, bonus action move. You just see we'll be just banishing into the clouds above you.
Timothy Sackton: Right? So like this area, this. This area, I mean
Timothy Sackton: something like this area is roughly clear.
Timothy Sackton: It's actually a 30 foot cube, right? So it's like this. This area is clear.
Timothy Sackton: But while B. Sort of vanishes into the mist beyond what Dallas magic cleared.
Timothy Sackton: and you you make it to the door of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Your recollection of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: It. It seems to be quite similar to what you were called the first. The like entryway is like completely open
Timothy Sackton: bashed open like there's winds blown around the whole first floor. It's just like
Timothy Sackton: completely trashed.
Timothy Sackton: You do not see Kenzo on the first floor.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. And now the let's see
Timothy Sackton: that will bring us back to the
Timothy Sackton: tornado creatures.
Timothy Sackton: This one that is not slowed
Timothy Sackton: is going to
Timothy Sackton: is going to start just whirling, creating a
Timothy Sackton: Oh, first that's going to make a save for
Kate: spirit guardians.
Timothy Sackton: spirit guardians, 16 fails.
Timothy Sackton: So what's your spirit? Guardian's Damage
Kate: 13.
Timothy Sackton: It's just going to begin this just
Timothy Sackton: whirling.
Timothy Sackton: It's. Gonna it's actually going to move.
We're getting
Timothy Sackton: It's gonna go one
Timothy Sackton: to
Timothy Sackton: 3.
Timothy Sackton: And this storm just begins to
Timothy Sackton: to whirl all around it 20 feet up, 20 feet circle around it, making this entire area difficult to rain.
Timothy Sackton: and that will end its turn. This one is slowed, though it also needs to make
Timothy Sackton: it fails. So it takes 13 points of damage.
Kate: Oh, that's the way for the whole. The whole turn for the whole term. Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: And that it slowed. It's going to take one step out and then make a single
Timothy Sackton: attack
Timothy Sackton: which is going to be
Timothy Sackton: at deal with.
Timothy Sackton: That's going to be a natural 20, so it is still going to hit.
Timothy Sackton: But how much damage does it do
Timothy Sackton: that does 16 points of bludgeoning damage as the wind
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: strikes deal with staggering back, but as it slowed, it does not get multi-attack.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: the house to make it safe.
Timothy Sackton: So secret down with resident. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: sorry the
Timothy Sackton: no secret down with.
Timothy Sackton: seek, or deal with, not risen, but
Timothy Sackton: thunder of creatures that just appeared are going to get to act before this one
Kate: to if the
Kate: role for the thing doesn't change. Then would it be the first role I did? That was 18? Or would it be
Timothy Sackton: this new world that I did the I just do it every time
Timothy Sackton: every new initiative.
Kate: So, like these 2, we share the same initiative. So okay, I had no idea what
Kate: that was. Okay, Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I fly past the 2? The new creatures can I get say over to Rizman
Eric Rosenbaum: without provoking, and he
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean
Timothy Sackton: so they're close to the ground. You're about 15 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: You've only got
Timothy Sackton: so if you you can go straight over their heads.
Timothy Sackton: you but it's. This is all difficult to rain, so you can go. You can get to
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, is when
Timothy Sackton: so you only can go 30 feet, not 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: But if you just go in a straight line to risk that. That would be
Timothy Sackton: that would be 40 feet of.
Timothy Sackton: and still have 20 feet left.
Timothy Sackton: so you could go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can. I can get to Rizwin, and to mention Dora's both
Eric Rosenbaum: to the Tower, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: but that leaves deal with on his own.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I don't know how Della can feel about that.
Mike Sackton: I mean, assuming we're all just running.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just
Eric Rosenbaum: sensible approach
Eric Rosenbaum: following the example of Wellby, who is normally a
Eric Rosenbaum: kill. Everything on site
Rev. David (he/him): strategist. So what? Where has we gotten this reputation?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So I prepared a cast dimension door
Eric Rosenbaum: flying up and over the other adversaries, and then down to where Brisbane is again.
Eric Rosenbaum: so that i'm just close enough to pop us both up to the door of the tower, using dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: which
Eric Rosenbaum: is
Eric Rosenbaum: within range.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just need to be able to visualize that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you don't even need to be. You don't need to be able to see the location, which is good because you can't
Timothy Sackton: see where it is. Maker had an intelligence check for me
Timothy Sackton: one day. 20 plus 5,
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no!
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, no!
Timothy Sackton: Your
Timothy Sackton: pretty good with
Timothy Sackton: with us
Timothy Sackton: geology, and and, you know, remembering the terrain but
Timothy Sackton: that perfect, and you end up 10 feet above the ground, and the 2 of you
Timothy Sackton: fall to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: taking
Timothy Sackton: 2 points of judgment.
And
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So because
Timothy Sackton: still close, just not quite.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
you
Rev. David (he/him): Aren't. You fly. Sorry I thought you were flying.
Timothy Sackton: That's right. You're still flying. So you're just 10 feet
Timothy Sackton: in the unexpectedly in the air. Okay, yeah. Good. Right. You're just unexpectedly 10 feet above the grime instead of on the ground. But it doesn't matter because you're playing.
Kate: I thought maybe we
Kate: lost the power to fly when we went through. No, I just totally forgot about flight.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for reminding me. Okay, Dolly.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I can easily just fly. You can easily get there with if you dash
Mike Sackton: logs go 60 feet to start.
Mike Sackton: Actually, what do I see? 60 feet out?
Timothy Sackton: So that puts you about here because your first 10 feet is difficult rain, I mean. At that point you can see
Timothy Sackton: the tower. You can see
Timothy Sackton: well beyond the ground now. Everything this whole scene behind you
Timothy Sackton: has just vanished into the mist. Once you get
Timothy Sackton: as you get beyond about
Timothy Sackton: about
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: you can't see any of these creatures behind you anymore.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: and you see the tower in front of you, You see well be on the ground just just having to open the door.
Timothy Sackton: You see Wizard, and Seeker 10 feet above the grab. Just kind of hovering in there.
Timothy Sackton: but the edge of the tower. You can see that you can't see much of the top of the tower because it
Timothy Sackton: it stands up into the mist.
Timothy Sackton: But you can see
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can see the door. You can see the first floor. The inside of the tower is fairly clear.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: clear in the sense that the visibility is not there's always to be a lot of
Mike Sackton: i'll find her on debris.
Mike Sackton: What's what's 60 feet up
The top of the tower
Mike Sackton: Is that platform that we? The platform is still there? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: all right. Well, i'll just come back to everybody.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume, from the 60 feet up. I can't see any of these guardian creatures.
Timothy Sackton: No.
okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can't see the ground from 60 chap either.
Timothy Sackton: But no, you can't see
the
Timothy Sackton: your
Timothy Sackton: feeling given the fog given the way the fog quad was positioned is that these were probably these creatures are probably somehow.
Timothy Sackton: Well, anyway, nothing seems to be chasing
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: I'll fly back down to everybody. Everybody's sort of clustered around the base of the tower.
Kate: Yeah. So like first floor debris.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you still have, like, you know, 9 min on your flight.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we might just want to fly up.
Kate: I mean. Last time we went through the
Kate: tower did have like electricity
Kate: walls that back to you.
Rev. David (he/him): So that's right.
Kate: That's
Kate: why
Eric Rosenbaum: what was the thing? We knocked off the tower.
Timothy Sackton: It was like some iron like
Timothy Sackton: twisted spear, with like lots of metal bands. Criss-crossing.
Timothy Sackton: It's got to be somewhere on the ground here. You don't can't see it in the fog.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was either like an elaborate art object or the control system for the whole brain. Probably we knocked the steering wheel off the ship. Yes, what what or the other
Timothy Sackton: I mean. If the fog would clear it probably wouldn't be that hard to find. It was big. It was like 5 feet across right he did dwarfish repair work after
Kate: reclaim the tower from the
Kate: twisted mind of these
Kate: giant.
Timothy Sackton: So what are you all doing
Kate: so. What I remember is that that platform was like
Kate: outside this top
Kate: chamber room, and that was where Rogers eyes
Kate: to be, or for our
Kate: was tied up, or something like that, like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think we should fly up.
Kate: We've done the top level or the second, the highest level, right that you're raising. Yes, yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you fly up.
Timothy Sackton: So you fly up and you come to so. So you remember this from last time that
Timothy Sackton: the not the very top 4 of the tower, but the second to most war, had the stone platform that stuck out
Timothy Sackton: some distance like twentieth or 20 ish feet out
Timothy Sackton: from the edge of the tower, and there was. This is where this, like weird metal thing was.
Timothy Sackton: It was also a big pool of water that was
Timothy Sackton: up
Timothy Sackton: resting on the
Timothy Sackton: on this big tower. Of course none of you could fly then.
Timothy Sackton: So at this point it's quite easy to avoid whatever
Timothy Sackton: creature is likely living in the water that attacked you once, and tried to drown you when you were last in the Tower.
Timothy Sackton: and you land.
Timothy Sackton: and you step down into
Timothy Sackton: you. Step into the
Timothy Sackton: large.
Timothy Sackton: the large sort of
Timothy Sackton: plain room that is marked by 5 pillars
Timothy Sackton: arranged in.
Timothy Sackton: you know, in a design that could, you know, conceivably
Timothy Sackton: form like a you know, a 5 pointed star or something like that
right?
Timothy Sackton: But it's, but it's plain there's nothing there's not.
Timothy Sackton: There's not much.
Timothy Sackton: There's not much here
Timothy Sackton: through the corridor. There's a so there's a
This is this
Timothy Sackton: sort of entry way that you've landed on this this room that's covering maybe half of the diameter of the power.
Timothy Sackton: There are 2 doors on the far wall, and then in the middle. There's like an archway that leads through to another room.
Mike Sackton: We remember I'm just trying to remember where the tower where the
Mike Sackton: not the tower, the statue was.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, let's head up to it.
It's operate.
Timothy Sackton: No, it was on the floor. It's in the it's through the archway.
Mike Sackton: I would head for the statue.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but no sign of Kenzo right
Timothy Sackton: currently. No a sign of kins, though.
Here we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: you head cautiously through
Timothy Sackton: this archway, and there's a small quarter that then opens up
Timothy Sackton: a second archer with a door that is not locked, that you can push open.
Timothy Sackton: and through that archway is
Timothy Sackton: the bust of
Timothy Sackton: the head and top part of the shoulders of a giant standing maybe 8 feet high from the top of the head to the bottom of the shoulders.
Timothy Sackton: The feature is somewhat non distinct and and worn
Timothy Sackton: flat nose, no hair
Timothy Sackton: sort of a grim, flat, and mouth that's closed, empty sockets where the eyes should be
Timothy Sackton: the mouth mouth etched in silver, with silver lips
Timothy Sackton: and gold and silver etchings that decorate the pedestal that it's standing on
Timothy Sackton: on top of the head, carved into the same stone that makes the head
Timothy Sackton: is a crown.
Timothy Sackton: 5 silver points coming up to form the crowd.
Timothy Sackton: each of which has a setting where something was one stat that has been removed.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have those gems, Don't. We
Eric Rosenbaum: thank you.
Mike Sackton: Somewhere
Mike Sackton: in our in our.
Timothy Sackton: in your portable hall of a hall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Wind swirls around the room, seeming to come from nowhere and
Timothy Sackton: missed, rises from the floor also, making this room unlike the the
Timothy Sackton: entry way that you walk through
Timothy Sackton: also lightly obscure, but not nearly as bad as
Timothy Sackton: the outdoors.
Timothy Sackton: and you almost
Timothy Sackton: feel like the storm sounds far away from inside the tower.
Timothy Sackton: like the thunder and lightning are more
Timothy Sackton: distant somehow that
Timothy Sackton: they once were.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, let's let's get stuff, right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, right like
Mike Sackton: no time like the present
Rev. David (he/him): of
Rev. David (he/him): open the whole
Rev. David (he/him): wait. Should we go to a more secure area because aren't the
Rev. David (he/him): this stuff
Rev. David (he/him): we went past gonna come.
Rev. David (he/him): get us and catch up at any moment.
Rev. David (he/him): but they won't.
Mike Sackton: We don't really think that they will.
Mike Sackton: But I don't know if that's
Mike Sackton: that could be.
Mike Sackton: you know
Mike Sackton: I don't know is that accurate. Is that wise?
Mike Sackton: Who could say, Really.
Kate: Yeah.
Kate: I think we need to operate with that that we just got to do. We're doing.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, I'll. So i'll climb in and get the eyes and the stones.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): and then close it back up and put it back in the little lead. Lock it again.
Rev. David (he/him): all right. Who remembers which stones go where
Rev. David (he/him): a thing that we may not ever have seen? Right?
Kate: Right? Because they've told them before we got there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. I've zoned out for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just giving him back his eyes. Right. We don't need to put the binding stones back in the yeah.
Kate: It's Still, I
Kate: I First
Mike Sackton: I yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the the binding stones are a bit of a research project that i'm working on. I I believe that those were used to keep raw gar in the statue form, and so if we simply leave them off, then perhaps they'll be able to go free.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, and it seems like there's a case to be made, though, that
Rev. David (he/him): that he's
Rev. David (he/him): like totally insane right now.
Rev. David (he/him): and we might want to calm him down before freeing him
Rev. David (he/him): A. P.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, do I have the sense that there's a particular configuration of the binding stones like as a matter where they go on the crown?
Timothy Sackton: So I mean You've spent a little bit of time with them and looking at them.
Timothy Sackton: It's not so.
Timothy Sackton: So you definitely have a sense that they that it's functions kind of like a circuit, right? Like, if the pieces are not. If it's not correctly wired, nothing has.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't know
Timothy Sackton: if that is because
Timothy Sackton: you you don't know if that's a physical thing, or if that's like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, magical energy needs to be growing. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: they're clearly
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: they clearly require a lot of magical power to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: right? And so whether
Timothy Sackton: you know whether it's a
Timothy Sackton: it it's not clear. Well actually make an our contract.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's one of my best things to check.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is my actual wit.
Timothy Sackton: Well, You' a gazillion
Timothy Sackton: that's 11 or something
Timothy Sackton: plus a lab, and i'm pretty sure it's the only to be more responsive. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, D. And D beyond his back
Timothy Sackton: plus 13,
not plus 11.
Kate: Yes, 1130, no, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: so yes, from your from your study.
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: basically you, you have the sense that there's 2 things that are true. One is that
Timothy Sackton: there is a sort of very specific
Timothy Sackton: way. These need to be activated. It's not like it's simple as a command, word or something. It's like
specific magical energy needs to flow into them to turn them on.
Timothy Sackton: But the physical, your your senses, the physical arrangement, is not that important?
Timothy Sackton: Although perhaps, like
Timothy Sackton: different
Timothy Sackton: physical orders, maybe produce
Timothy Sackton: slightly different effects like you're still playing around with it right like. Maybe if you switch 2 of them, it'll
Timothy Sackton: It' you know.
Timothy Sackton: cause a a slight
Timothy Sackton: twist in, you know. Maybe maybe you need to switch 2 of them around to
Timothy Sackton: strapped demons instead of giants, or something like that. It's like that sort of subtle, but most of the
Timothy Sackton: complexity is
Timothy Sackton: the way in which magical energy needs to be fed into these stones back
right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So we were missing something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, i'll set about
Eric Rosenbaum: getting the stones
Eric Rosenbaum: onto the kernel
Kate: so they can get that. I mean.
Kate: we think that bringing him back trapped is going to put him in a great mood, and he's going to calm down really easily.
Kate: whereas if we brought him back free.
Kate: be dangerously angry.
Mike Sackton: I kind of think the other way around.
Kate: Kind of where I was going with that going.
Rev. David (he/him): What if we run upstairs real quick?
Mike Sackton: Let's check on him.
Rev. David (he/him): It might also be good to see how Kenzo is doing. You know I feel like we haven't seen them for a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair payment
Mike Sackton: that that feels like a
a
a move
to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gather the binding stones back
Eric Rosenbaum: so that i'll
Eric Rosenbaum: have them with me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you had upstairs. Oh, look! I had a map for this, for
Timothy Sackton: oh, look! And it still has your like
Timothy Sackton: drawings from the last time we did this, then again.
Timothy Sackton: so you had upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: And this is this is
Timothy Sackton: you. You remember
Timothy Sackton: this top floor from your last journey to this tower.
Timothy Sackton: and the first time you came up these stairs it did not lead to
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: It did not lead to the top of a tower. It led to
Timothy Sackton: elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not that surprised
when you
Timothy Sackton: ascend the stairs
Timothy Sackton: and find yourself emerging
Timothy Sackton: into a
Timothy Sackton: mountaintop.
Timothy Sackton: How us?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well
Timothy Sackton: Oh, science size stairs
Timothy Sackton: leading up to
Timothy Sackton: a a giant home.
Timothy Sackton: and you see
in the distance
Timothy Sackton: a giant
Timothy Sackton: 2030 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: powering over a much smaller man.
Timothy Sackton: who seems to almost be
Timothy Sackton: be leading him down the steps.
Timothy Sackton: The giant is is walking slowly, sort of feeling
Timothy Sackton: that much smaller person is like holding
Timothy Sackton: his finger
Timothy Sackton: and sort of guiding him down the steps.
There's still some distance off, like
Timothy Sackton: 50, 60 feet off.
Timothy Sackton: 70 feet. But it's it's clear that this smaller person is in fact, can sell.
Timothy Sackton: although again his his face.
his his.
because, like
Timothy Sackton: just the sort of general sort of sense as he doesn't seem to be himself. He's
Timothy Sackton: you don't know
Timothy Sackton: what, but he's looking up at the giant as
Timothy Sackton: as that.
Timothy Sackton: he he whispers something quietly, and
Timothy Sackton: you hear those boys booming out. Now
Timothy Sackton: visit her
Timothy Sackton: welcome.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: I seem to
Timothy Sackton: seem to be having some trouble.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: don't know
Timothy Sackton: what happened. But please
Timothy Sackton: come.
Timothy Sackton: I'm always
Timothy Sackton: he, or for stories and tales
Timothy Sackton: and travelers have grown
Timothy Sackton: strangely absent these days.
Kate: Here there is trouble on the planes. My dreams are
Timothy Sackton: disturbed.
Timothy Sackton: the storms grow stronger.
Timothy Sackton: and the future is clouded.
Timothy Sackton: Come, I would hear your stories.
Timothy Sackton: My
Timothy Sackton: pauses for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: I don't
Timothy Sackton: my friend.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Had I lived alone.
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks. He's like looking way way over your heads.
Timothy Sackton: He he will guide you.
Timothy Sackton: and he turns, and he and he begins like slowly walking up the stairs, like
Timothy Sackton: you know, he's carrying this giant tree trunk like staff, and he's like tapping.
Timothy Sackton: and Kenzo walks down.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: he sort of
Timothy Sackton: he sort of gives you a slight bow. It doesn't recognize any of you.
Timothy Sackton: and says.
Timothy Sackton: Please come.
Timothy Sackton: Craigar would be pleased to speak with you and hear your stories
Timothy Sackton: I have guided him for
Timothy Sackton: has it been years already?
Timothy Sackton: He sometimes gets confused, but
Timothy Sackton: you will welcome visitors.
Timothy Sackton: and he turns any like begins walking up these steps, or each step is like
Timothy Sackton: 3 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: So for well be especially, this is like quite the difficult
Timothy Sackton: journey up. You're like basically
Timothy Sackton: doing actually, for the dwarves too
Eric Rosenbaum: hard to climb the stairs in a dignified looking fashion for us from
Timothy Sackton: for for deal with and for ken. So it's less of a challenge, you know. Here.
Timothy Sackton: you're kind of
Timothy Sackton: pushing yourself up a bit, but it's like
Timothy Sackton: just manageable.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's
Eric Rosenbaum: just give up and fly at some point.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you still got some time left on your hour flight. So
Rev. David (he/him): so I have an idea.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't know if this is going to work.
Rev. David (he/him): It's a little wacky.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it would be really interesting.
Rev. David (he/him): Is he's asking for stories
Rev. David (he/him): rather than trying to convince him that none of this is real, and he is imprisoned
Rev. David (he/him): to tell him stories about that
Rev. David (he/him): piece by piece.
Rev. David (he/him): you know, to tell him a story about
Rev. David (he/him): someone who is imprisoned inside a dream or to tell him a story about
Rev. David (he/him): You know stories that reflect that sort of a thing.
Rev. David (he/him): and like, try and cultivate that understanding in him.
Thought.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate: A good thought
Eric Rosenbaum: I like that
Kate: helps tell you the stories of
Kate: a statue in a world that connects to another world.
Rev. David (he/him): you know, or or of like imprisoned people who don't realize they're imprisoned.
Rev. David (he/him): you know.
Rev. David (he/him): sort of bit by bit, because we want to like, awaken him to
Rev. David (he/him): the reality of it without him completely flipping out.
Kate: but also, maybe like weavings and stories of like
Kate: there being ways to
Kate: get out of this, and, like
Kate: I don't know
Kate: friendly groups of
Kate: 3 to 4 travelers tending to have the way out.
Mike Sackton: Is there a it's like we're going up the stairs into his castle. Basically
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to communicate telepathically with Kenzo
Rev. David (he/him): and ask him
Rev. David (he/him): what's your name, friend?
He says.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Odd. You
Timothy Sackton: speak in my mind.
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: joined. Her.
Timothy Sackton: Been out
Timothy Sackton: friend to Hogg, I for
Timothy Sackton: several years now
Mike Sackton: do we have any idea who that name is?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it sounds giantish.
Timothy Sackton: You can make history checks anybody who wants to
for?
Yeah, no.
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll say.
Rev. David (he/him): well met Tontar.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to do it, too. I'm just it's just getting the David. But
Eric Rosenbaum: the fact that it's locked out of his house. What's my history? Modifier
history is plus 13
Eric Rosenbaum: dindi beyond appears to be back up. It's bad. Usually beyond is is back now
Eric Rosenbaum: for all the you
Timothy Sackton: Now
Timothy Sackton: none of you have heard the name, John dear.
Rev. David (he/him): going to you. Well met.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm. Well be good barrel, and my home is on the western edge of the Green Sea. Where's yours.
Timothy Sackton: Green Sea?
Not too far from here.
up in the
Timothy Sackton: mountains.
Timothy Sackton: I have lived here with Hulgar for
Timothy Sackton: 5 years now.
Timothy Sackton: Not so much time, and the
Timothy Sackton: reckoning of our people
Eric Rosenbaum: with Roger.
Rev. David (he/him): him his apprentice, you could say.
Rev. David (he/him): What are you learning
Timothy Sackton: for a moment?
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Timothy Sackton: let us hear your stories first
Timothy Sackton: tell for a tail.
Timothy Sackton: for telling, for for telling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Are we talking to.
Mike Sackton: and so
Eric Rosenbaum: to Kenzo, or to
Eric Rosenbaum: a giant you're talking to. Ken's out right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): all right.
So
Mike Sackton: that was so. I mean, if there's
Mike Sackton: do we like.
Mike Sackton: is there a place to sit? Is there like a
Mike Sackton: I mean it's all giant sized.
Timothy Sackton: We made it to the I mean, as the stairs are not easy to navigate; but as you get up to the
Timothy Sackton: up to the top like. Come into the entry way to this palace.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. There's a there's a Grant hall
Timothy Sackton: and the
Timothy Sackton: the table like, and
Timothy Sackton: you know the table is is like far too grand for any of you to sit. It's like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet off the ground, and the chairs going 10 feet up.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Timothy Sackton: her allgar turns, and he he stops for a moment. He, like
Timothy Sackton: puts his hand out and reach the round, and Kenzo runs up.
Timothy Sackton: runs up to him, and and and like grabs him by the finger
Timothy Sackton: reaching up above his head to grab brother his finger
Timothy Sackton: and sort of
Timothy Sackton: leads him, and he sits
Timothy Sackton: there's like a a huge like hearth
Timothy Sackton: that has
Timothy Sackton: a a chair
Timothy Sackton: sat.
Timothy Sackton: and then it has, like a handful of
Timothy Sackton: what look like footstools, but our size like basically a normal human-sized couch.
Mike Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: kenzo slash
Timothy Sackton: gender seems to have like pushed or moved a couple of these
Timothy Sackton: like footstool couches into a position so that he can sit and hog are sitting in his chair like looking way up.
Timothy Sackton: But there's a few of these
Timothy Sackton: footstools coaches that you can sit on it
Timothy Sackton: made of hard stone. But when you sit down it actually somehow feels
Timothy Sackton: strangely
Kate: stopped almost.
Timothy Sackton: Well, what what do you imagine you're sitting on? I guess. Is the question.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you're tired after the journey. And you
Timothy Sackton: imagine, as you sit down, you're like. Oh, it' be so nice to be sitting on it right soft.
Timothy Sackton: Suddenly it's soft.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if you're sitting on a cloud.
Timothy Sackton: Prag are then sort of
who
Timothy Sackton: glances around and and looks down at You can see now clearly in the sunlight, filtering
Timothy Sackton: into the palace like
Timothy Sackton: as you saw him before, like his eyes are missing.
Timothy Sackton: and he
Timothy Sackton: rests for a moment, and then sits forward and says
Timothy Sackton: it.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like
Timothy Sackton: I I cannot
Timothy Sackton: see it.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why it is so dark.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: I can hear you are small.
Timothy Sackton: and I suppose you
Timothy Sackton: come from far away.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: from
Mike Sackton: quite the 4 corners of the earth.
Timothy Sackton: I would know.
Timothy Sackton: Who am I welcoming into my home?
Mike Sackton: I am
Mike Sackton: deal with
Mike Sackton: the elf
Mike Sackton: lately
Mike Sackton: adopted at the dinner. Kwai
Timothy Sackton: nods for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, here
Timothy Sackton: people have a long history together.
Mike Sackton: I have a tail to tell of loss and imprisonment and recovery.
Mike Sackton: If you would hear it.
Mike Sackton: When my companions have introduced themselves.
Timothy Sackton: I would welcome your tail
Timothy Sackton: for us. His brow for a moment as he
Timothy Sackton: sort of Cox's head in your direction.
Timothy Sackton: and then kind of moves on.
Rev. David (he/him): Well be good barrel at
Rev. David (he/him): halfling
Rev. David (he/him): the one who's seen both the edges of the ocean.
Rev. David (he/him): And I, too, have a story to tell if You' to hear it
Timothy Sackton: not slowly.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I am seeker of high keep north of here in the mountains a dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: The stories of my own, of course.
Kate: and Wristwin, Brawn and Bull, also a dwarf of the mountains.
Kate: more to the west.
Timothy Sackton: mountainous to the west.
Timothy Sackton: There are not so many mountains west of here
Right?
Timothy Sackton: Not no
your content
Timothy Sackton: that all the
Timothy Sackton: Frank Korean frontier.
Timothy Sackton: but it is good to hear.
Timothy Sackton: should not let
Eric Rosenbaum: humans claim
Timothy Sackton: the lands all the land.
Timothy Sackton: Well, as you seem to know, I am
Timothy Sackton: Pragar, master of these mountains, and the
Timothy Sackton: planes below
Timothy Sackton: visit her. Sometimes
Timothy Sackton: the wizards of drink are
Timothy Sackton: keeper of the winds.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome to my home.
Mike Sackton: Who is the Emperor.
Mike Sackton: and drink for today
Mike Sackton: to now
Timothy Sackton: hair little for
Timothy Sackton: touch
Timothy Sackton: petty human concerns, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: Man names
Timothy Sackton: Pakistan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know this name?
Timothy Sackton: Make it to check. Then let's take like a 5 min break before we
Timothy Sackton: go on to stories in the last hour of the session.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, I need to get. I. I get down to bed at maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: couple of minutes for that.
Timothy Sackton: No
Timothy Sackton: name is not familiar to you.
Timothy Sackton: One of those drink Korean emperors that you are going to ask
Timothy Sackton: Nias to send you a list of that. You never did
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Kate: that we'll just take a note of this guy's name and
Kate: grass, whatever it was. 3 Sunday. Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: so let's take a let's take a
Timothy Sackton: 5 to
Timothy Sackton: 8 min break or so.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
Rev. David (he/him): cool.
cool.
Kate: I assume they'll add some sort of date at some point.
Timothy Sackton: I wonder what happened to Eric?
Timothy Sackton: There's a
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just guys.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: as we return
Timothy Sackton: to Ralgar's palace.
Timothy Sackton: Daweth was about to speak, I believe.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: yeah, I lost my thread a little bit with the break. Hold on.
Just give me a second to get back in a
Mike Sackton: Dallas will
Mike Sackton: start
Mike Sackton: Raulgar.
that
Mike Sackton: this story begins
Mike Sackton: when I was imprisoned in a
Mike Sackton: strange
Mike Sackton: place.
and
Mike Sackton: now, with will digress on the topic of prisons for a couple of minutes and
Mike Sackton: mental prisons and physical prisons, and
Mike Sackton: how, you know to always know you're in a prison. And now he didn't really know he was in a prison when he
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: he'll continue.
Mike Sackton: This was
Mike Sackton: just after the Great War.
Has
Mike Sackton: Have you heard of that
Timothy Sackton: stops for a minute? It looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: It's not look
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: I guess in health could be a 1,000 years old as
Timothy Sackton: much as they are
Timothy Sackton: 100
different grade 4.
Mike Sackton: I was trapped for quite some time after the war.
Mike Sackton: Uncounted years, it seemed.
Mike Sackton: When I emerged
Mike Sackton: the future had come to me as if
Mike Sackton: no time had passed
Mike Sackton: can be disorienting.
Mike Sackton: but anyway.
Mike Sackton: trapped with me
Mike Sackton: in this
Mike Sackton: place, and they also spend some a little time describing the like
Mike Sackton: dimension he was trapped in.
Mike Sackton: Was that
Mike Sackton: was a tanshi of the denoquay.
Mike Sackton: They called themselves Yavoi.
Mike Sackton: but I
Mike Sackton: at the time
Mike Sackton: do it not.
and
Mike Sackton: was
Mike Sackton: trapped in a cycle of my own imagining
Mike Sackton: seeing
Mike Sackton: demons
Mike Sackton: hunt my
Mike Sackton: fellows down
Mike Sackton: over and over again in the world's crack
Mike Sackton: as it should not.
Mike Sackton: I was freed
Mike Sackton: by the actions of someone I knew not at the time.
Mike Sackton: and found myself back on Talgar
Mike Sackton: after this long imprisonment
for
Mike Sackton: many months did not
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Why I was freed, or where I was imprisoned, or even
Mike Sackton: who I was imprisoned with.
Mike Sackton: till I
Mike Sackton: went north to the forests of the Denakai.
Mike Sackton: where I warned of
Mike Sackton: many other
Mike Sackton: 6 other
Mike Sackton: Tashi
Mike Sackton: who had been in prison.
Mike Sackton: I just open my and
Mike Sackton: and I
Mike Sackton: bounds
Mike Sackton: it quite
Mike Sackton: with some companions. We went
Mike Sackton: into these
Mike Sackton: places where they were in prisons, and we found
Mike Sackton: found ways to free them.
Mike Sackton: There was
all done.
Where's my west of Tunchy?
A.
Mike Sackton: There was
Mike Sackton: Kanasati
Mike Sackton: of the of ice and cold.
Mike Sackton: You call it a now Consati of
Mike Sackton: I'm going to go to Talga first. It's a list of these guys in Telgar versus they.
Mike Sackton: It was Connosati
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: the lover of butterflies and colorful insects that we freed
Mike Sackton: from a
Mike Sackton: imaginary from a
Mike Sackton: trapped dark dimension.
Mike Sackton: It was midri that
Mike Sackton: taunchy of soil and dirt, and
Mike Sackton: the seeker of connections. Among all things
Mike Sackton: there was this year
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: protect her and watch her over, of hawks and eagles and birds of prey.
Mike Sackton: of sight, and those who can see far.
Mike Sackton: There was Taraka, the Taji of campfires and hospitality
Mike Sackton: tales and stories, and the warmth of a hearth on a cold night.
Mike Sackton: and Of course there was a Yazali.
Mike Sackton: the spirit of the hunt and the moon
Mike Sackton: trapped with me.
unbeknownst to me.
Mike Sackton: and with
Mike Sackton: some companions we we freed them all
Mike Sackton: lease them back to the world
Mike Sackton: and Delta will expound. I mean the started project's an hour, i'm not going to
Mike Sackton: each of the sort of experiences of each of these tons, she being freed.
Mike Sackton: and he'll drop little heads like
Mike Sackton: Oh, a lot of them didn't know they were in prisons.
you know.
Mike Sackton: or their prisons were of the mind as much as the body
Mike Sackton: and sort of end of the story with a.
Mike Sackton: and I have been
Mike Sackton: seeking those who might need
Mike Sackton: assistance might be trapped, and
Mike Sackton: places like the ta she
Mike Sackton: Have you heard? Any stories of prison? People
need to be freed.
Timothy Sackton: All our turns turns your voice.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: for us his brow again
Timothy Sackton: looks intently sort of in your direction.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: strands of fate and time are twisted around you. Alf.
Timothy Sackton: you tell me a story of imprisonment.
Timothy Sackton: of war.
Timothy Sackton: and I see such things in your future.
Timothy Sackton: pauses for a moment, takes a breath.
Timothy Sackton: I would
Timothy Sackton: learn you
Timothy Sackton: and things for your tail
Timothy Sackton: stay far
Timothy Sackton: from arm. Bands of shadow and darkness
Timothy Sackton: do not touch them, for there they
Timothy Sackton: key that will lock you away.
Timothy Sackton: To what fade I cannot see.
Timothy Sackton: But it is strange, for
Timothy Sackton: the tail, you tell seems circular.
Timothy Sackton: Your life
Timothy Sackton: circles upon itself, and endless loops.
Timothy Sackton: Do you not know how this can be other than your people are strange. I
Mike Sackton: Are you sure it is my life? That is circular?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: You looked at your own.
Timothy Sackton: make a persuasion check
Mike Sackton: 16
Timothy Sackton: he pauses and he says.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I will tell my story.
Timothy Sackton: But first I would.
Timothy Sackton: I forget who's out, so they would. They had a story. Well be.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, I've got one to tell
Timothy Sackton: first. He he looks over
Timothy Sackton: sounds. First I would hear
Timothy Sackton: the tail of the littlest one
Rev. David (he/him): a
Rev. David (he/him): looking over. You see that well be sitting on
Rev. David (he/him): a small folding canvas stool, the kind that we're.
Rev. David (he/him): or what the heathling caravaners would use there.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Rev. David (he/him): he draws himself up to his full and very small height.
Rev. David (he/him): and we can.
Rev. David (he/him): Brother, you know my people are storytellers.
Rev. David (he/him): and what we do.
Rev. David (he/him): As we cross from one end of the ocean
Rev. David (he/him): and one side of the mountains to the other
Rev. David (he/him): is tell the story of the world back to itself
Rev. David (he/him): long ago and far away
Rev. David (he/him): in an age that was like this one, and, unlike it.
Rev. David (he/him): there was a prince who ruled his people.
Rev. David (he/him): He was just, and he was wise. He made treaties with the elves and dwarves, and let the halflings pass through.
Rev. David (he/him): He had inside him a strength, a power that men envied.
Rev. David (he/him): His bones were like the bones of a mountain
Rev. David (he/him): his hands could summon the storm. He was the envy of men who wanted his power.
Rev. David (he/him): until at last a wizard sought to take it from him; but knowing that the prince could not be defeated by strength alone.
Rev. David (he/him): he sought to imprison him.
Rev. David (he/him): to force the Prince's will to his own.
Rev. David (he/him): in exchange for the promise of freedom.
Rev. David (he/him): but even imprisoned, even separated from his people, separated from his mountains.
Rev. David (he/him): The prince wouldn't give the secret of his power, knowing that a man who would take it by force would never use it honorably.
Rev. David (he/him): The Wizard was cunning. He couldn't win by strength.
Rev. David (he/him): and he couldn't win through capture.
Rev. David (he/him): So he sought at last to win through deceit.
Rev. David (he/him): How do you build a prison?
Rev. David (he/him): That wouldn't be a prison?
Rev. David (he/him): You make your captive forget it.
Rev. David (he/him): and in a weaving of dreams. The Wizard let the prisoner believe that he was free.
Rev. David (he/him): and in dreams the prince walked his deserted mountains.
Rev. David (he/him): roamed the empty halls of his palace, believing himself to be home all the while dreaming himself free while still captured.
Rev. David (he/him): How do you build a prison
Rev. David (he/him): that's not a prison?
Rev. David (he/him): Well, you make the captor forget to
Rev. David (he/him): this wizard, pouring all his energy and attention and focus towards his prisoner.
Rev. David (he/him): watching every day
Rev. David (he/him): seeking a way to bend his prisoner's, will
Rev. David (he/him): didn't see the knife at his side
Rev. David (he/him): that unexpected slew him.
Rev. David (he/him): The captor dined.
Rev. David (he/him): The prince forgot his imprisonment
Rev. David (he/him): and roamed his dream halls.
Rev. David (he/him): not knowing how to wake up.
Timothy Sackton: Who has the eyes? By the way.
Mike Sackton: there are back in the thing back in the hole. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Make an insight check won't be.
Timothy Sackton: And also a persuasion
Timothy Sackton: check after you.
Timothy Sackton: Well insight.
Timothy Sackton: So you tell this tale, and you watch him.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see
Timothy Sackton: you see, almost
Timothy Sackton: anger, and
Timothy Sackton: what you can only think must be
Timothy Sackton: a deep sense of shame.
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: something in this story clearly connects with him.
Timothy Sackton: But it's connecting with him in a way that is reminding him of
Timothy Sackton: his weakness and failure.
Timothy Sackton: and he turns
Timothy Sackton: and he looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on a sec.
Timothy Sackton: and he stares down at you
Eric Rosenbaum: anything.
Timothy Sackton: He stares down at you, and
Timothy Sackton: he, like rises up slightly.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: you tell these tales.
Timothy Sackton: and yet I
Timothy Sackton: see the doom that is coming for you
Timothy Sackton: sometimes. Perhaps it is better
here.
So
Timothy Sackton: dreaming is not always the worst fate that one can
Timothy Sackton: suffer.
Timothy Sackton: and he turns, and he looks angrily, and he starts
Timothy Sackton: to omens.
Timothy Sackton: or tell an ill fate for your people.
Well
Timothy Sackton: like shifts in his chair, and like begins to get up, and like shuffle away
Mike Sackton: as he so shovels away. I'll sort of
yeah
Timothy Sackton: not like shuffling away and like he's
Timothy Sackton: leaving like that angry it at well be
Rev. David (he/him): he needs a story that that brings him back like to
Rev. David (he/him): pride and power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I have an idea
Eric Rosenbaum: we're all going, if I may.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is a story
Eric Rosenbaum: I encountered one night late in an ancient library and a dusty tone that.
Eric Rosenbaum: for all I knew could be the stories of a
Eric Rosenbaum: untethered, imagining brain, or could well be the true histories of our ancient past, but it told of a
Eric Rosenbaum: party of adventurers.
Eric Rosenbaum: brave and powerful ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: who found themselves
Eric Rosenbaum: proudly in possession
Eric Rosenbaum: of a castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: but not an ordinary one.
Eric Rosenbaum: where this castle could rise
Eric Rosenbaum: above the earth and transport them
Eric Rosenbaum: from place to place.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in this way this party of
Eric Rosenbaum: some, some scaly and some winged
Eric Rosenbaum: adventures.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: It came embroiled in a number of complex adventures, which I will not.
Eric Rosenbaum: I bring you through the entire thread of, but suffice to say
Eric Rosenbaum: that with the help of this
Eric Rosenbaum: wonderful castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: they brought down the dragon and brought it into the great War itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: and are remembered as heroes.
Timothy Sackton: He looks. It looks towards Seeker again, sort of turning back and and sort of positioning himself so that his back is to well be as best he can
Timothy Sackton: and set and works
Timothy Sackton: towards you again.
Timothy Sackton: He says
Timothy Sackton: you are opaque to me.
Timothy Sackton: Do you leave no mark on history
Timothy Sackton: or a mark so great it
Timothy Sackton: lots out everything else.
Timothy Sackton: or
Timothy Sackton: is your future
Timothy Sackton: not of this world.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am into the many worlds
Timothy Sackton: you have.
Timothy Sackton: He looks again at Seeker, and he's like he's trying to focus.
Timothy Sackton: There is a
Timothy Sackton: something in the air.
Timothy Sackton: hint of some
Timothy Sackton: I would not call it Fay, for it was stolen from us.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you
Timothy Sackton: come by
Timothy Sackton: phasing Stone?
Eric Rosenbaum: I know not this name.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I
Timothy Sackton: cracked and split and malformed
Timothy Sackton: into some
Timothy Sackton: perverted shape
Timothy Sackton: beaten with metal?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: the core is there.
Timothy Sackton: You tell stories of flying castles, and you come to my palace carrying one of the ancient hearts of the skieships of my people. What game are you playing at? Dwarf?
Eric Rosenbaum: Play no game, but seek only to trade stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: this phasing stone? Perhaps there's more to it
Eric Rosenbaum: than I know. I'm. But its bearer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it one of these? And I hold up the gauntlet?
Timothy Sackton: I cannot
Timothy Sackton: cannot see.
Eric Rosenbaum: of course. Forgive me, Forgive me that
Timothy Sackton: like reaches a handout that's like basically the size of seeker like brings a finger down.
Timothy Sackton: pointing at your club. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: this cracked and broken, just
Timothy Sackton: shattered to pieces. Small fragments
Timothy Sackton: twisted.
Timothy Sackton: but the pieces are there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I came across it in the fay wild. It had come crashing down and burst the crystal mountain
Eric Rosenbaum: and caused great havoc there which I helped to ease.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was a storm of wild magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we put it down the Fay Wild. Of course
Timothy Sackton: some of the great sky ships were
Timothy Sackton: lost during the breathing
Eric Rosenbaum: we met one
Eric Rosenbaum: long since crashed there
Eric Rosenbaum: in the realm of
Eric Rosenbaum: it was that a name of glow or shimmers on
Timothy Sackton: that was in the the boundary between shimmer song and fortune's rest
here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, should anyone bury it.
Timothy Sackton: one of the tours would be my choice.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful with such things.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an honor
Timothy Sackton: he looks sort of relaxed, and
Timothy Sackton: there was one
Timothy Sackton: crashed on the
Timothy Sackton: planes below to in northern drink, or
and
Eric Rosenbaum: really
Mike Sackton: was it? Perhaps
Mike Sackton: i'll describe what
what we
no of what it worked like.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the Als built a tower there.
Timothy Sackton: some
Timothy Sackton: from Korean Mages, I think.
Timothy Sackton: live there. Once
Timothy Sackton: I spoke to them occasionally.
Timothy Sackton: Wonder what's happened to it?
Timothy Sackton: Can't
Timothy Sackton: can't feel it now. It's
just
Timothy Sackton: it's like it's
Eric Rosenbaum: gone. Wait! Are we talking about the storm Caller Tower. Now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Asked
Mike Sackton: by it recently.
We
Mike Sackton: would you like some?
Mike Sackton: You could? We could show it to you.
Mike Sackton: bring you there.
Timothy Sackton: only I could see
with
Timothy Sackton: reaches out I
Mike Sackton: what happened to your eyes.
Timothy Sackton: He looks down at
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: After
Timothy Sackton: drawn there came. I.
Timothy Sackton: I woke up, and it was dark.
Timothy Sackton: Strangest thing
Timothy Sackton: can feel the sun, and as he says that it suddenly
Timothy Sackton: becomes brighter in the sky
Timothy Sackton: like it goes from early morning to midday in a blank.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Timothy Sackton: It turns it's warm on my face, but
Timothy Sackton: it seems always night to me
Timothy Sackton: in my
I
Timothy Sackton: proud or
Timothy Sackton: rain or wind, and
Timothy Sackton: I can't remember when
Timothy Sackton: sized himself. Please tell your story, dwarf
Kate: it. When I first
Kate: met these solo travelers I was seeking to
Kate: find an object that
Kate: held the stories of my people of my clan.
Kate: and
Kate: in
Kate: dedicating myself to
Kate: my gods, I have
Kate: been chosen
Kate: for other voyages, looking
Kate: to
Kate: complete
Kate: unfinished old stories.
Kate: and in my journey
Kate: to a a different world.
Kate: One way that I was
Kate: guided through that place
Kate: was with
Kate: an object of power.
Kate: but I didn't understand it until I talked to the people who were trapped there.
Kate: and it reminded me of
Kate: having
Kate: been other times in my travels
Kate: where
Kate: people
Kate: in
Kate: or so in a restricted place
Kate: actually had the key
Kate: to describing the objects, the places.
Kate: the tools
Kate: that would set them free.
Kate: And so, in the
Kate: dwarven space
Kate: where
Kate: I was traveling.
Kate: they needed to connect to
Kate: an object of our dwarving gods.
Kate: and
Kate: then people were released, and I was able to travel with them and
Kate: help them start new lives in a different time and place when that then they had started.
Kate: But
Kate: to a happy
Kate: conclusion for them.
Kate: and
Kate: in other parts of my travels I've
Kate: and given information
Kate: by an authority
Kate: that
Kate: certain objects, being in a certain place.
Kate: would be key to
another type of release.
Kate: And so my journeys continue to be
Kate: having objects be where they ought to be
Kate: for people to be free.
Timothy Sackton: He turns, and he stands again, and he like faces out to the
Timothy Sackton: out, the with the giant windows. Make a makeup. Persuasion check
will advantage.
Kate: I was the first one
Timothy Sackton: he turns, and he looks out
Timothy Sackton: the the window any
Timothy Sackton: closes
Timothy Sackton: his eyes and sort of leans.
Timothy Sackton: and he sort of leans into the wind a little bit, and and you can see there is a faint wind blowing
Timothy Sackton: any
Timothy Sackton: like.
Timothy Sackton: Looks like he's sort of concentrating or thinking
at.
Timothy Sackton: Why are there no clouds here
Mike Sackton: when I was dealt with? But I was
Mike Sackton: trapped?
Mike Sackton: The dimension I was trapped in.
Mike Sackton: That's what struck me the most about it.
Mike Sackton: The sameness each day the same.
She
Mike Sackton: each moment
Mike Sackton: seemed
Mike Sackton: to me to be
Mike Sackton: my wife.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: the patterns repeated over and over again. Nothing truly changed.
Mike Sackton: There were never no weather, no
Mike Sackton: events, not from my own mind.
Mike Sackton: or from the
Mike Sackton: imaginings of my own mind
Mike Sackton: it was hard
Mike Sackton: to realize that's what was happening.
Mike Sackton: Of course it was quite
Mike Sackton: even harder, I think, for
Mike Sackton: is Ali the Tashi
Mike Sackton: for the
Mike Sackton: more power one has, the harder it is to imagine. You might be trapped.
Mike Sackton: of course.
Mike Sackton: a as much power.
Mike Sackton: but even they were trapped here.
Mike Sackton: out here, there
trapped there.
and
Mike Sackton: I think the
Mike Sackton: hardest thing was realizing. It was not
Mike Sackton: truly
Mike Sackton: a place that one could stay.
Timothy Sackton: He turns and he looks out the window.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: time passes here
Timothy Sackton: day, and it turns bright and night, and it's black and day.
Timothy Sackton: and it's dawn again, and night and day and night.
Timothy Sackton: the sun flickering and
Timothy Sackton: not, and setting and rising and setting in rapid succession as he speaks.
Timothy Sackton: and I can feel the storm.
Timothy Sackton: I can feel it's power raging.
Timothy Sackton: He reaches out his hand, and he, like clenches his fist. I can feel the lightning striking the ground
like
Timothy Sackton: pushes forward. I can feel
Timothy Sackton: the wind and the rain tearing the land apart.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, here
Timothy Sackton: it is, night and day, and it starts flickering again night and day.
Timothy Sackton: and I can see nothing.
Mike Sackton: Then a game for a minute. Do we have any actual goal here?
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, I
Mike Sackton: hey? Can I take a swing like? Are we trying to get him to leave the tower.
Kate: Yeah, I
Kate: do. We need him to leave the Tower? Do we just need it to be calm, so that we, when we go back and put his eyes in.
Kate: He doesn't like, burst out, and like, Whack us all.
Rev. David (he/him): I do. Great
Rev. David (he/him): as I know I
Rev. David (he/him): no, I I think that's the thing, too, though.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, you'll say.
Rev. David (he/him): trying to appeal to his ego without
Rev. David (he/him): overdoing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David (he/him): you know the answers to these questions already.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have the strength to face them.
Rev. David (he/him): There's no one more powerful than you
Rev. David (he/him): in a 1,000 miles. There's no one more able
Rev. David (he/him): to find his way back home than you.
Rev. David (he/him): If we find a way
Rev. David (he/him): to restore your sight to you once again.
Rev. David (he/him): will you find your way out of this place and back to the storm Again
Timothy Sackton: he turns, and he stands, and he stares at you, and draws himself up to his full
Timothy Sackton: height, which he is
Timothy Sackton: not really done before, and his hair begins to stream behind him, and he
Timothy Sackton: lifts his voice.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks down at you.
Timothy Sackton: Any things for a minute
Rev. David (he/him): is
Rev. David (he/him): almost 10 times taller than me
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: and he he holds up his hand, and
Timothy Sackton: for a moment there's just this
Timothy Sackton: silent calm, and then Kenzo, like
Timothy Sackton: bursts into light lightning flashing through him.
Timothy Sackton: and from Kenzo comes this voice
Timothy Sackton: I can see in your friend's mind.
Timothy Sackton: I can see what you have.
Timothy Sackton: Give me back. My eyes
reaches out for well be.
Timothy Sackton: and begins to lift you up
Timothy Sackton: unless you try and dodge. You could probably dance out of the way actually, because he's blind.
Rev. David (he/him): I won't. Actually, I'm going to not resist at all. I'm
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna lean on what the Wizard told me
Rev. David (he/him): a few 1,000 miles away.
Rev. David (he/him): That storm giants are nothing if not honorable.
Rev. David (he/him): and that's at the core of who he is. And I'm going to say.
Rev. David (he/him): we've met before
Rev. David (he/him): we promise to find them.
Rev. David (he/him): and we traveled from one side of this continent to another to retrieve them.
Rev. David (he/him): We've come back again to set you free.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you have the strength to find your way back home again when we give them to you.
Nice!
Timothy Sackton: He turns.
Timothy Sackton: and he is like now holding well be up.
Timothy Sackton: Wellbe is like 25 feet off the ground. His hand is like twice as big as as well be.
Timothy Sackton: I am stronger than all of you put together.
Timothy Sackton: Just
Timothy Sackton: that.
Timothy Sackton: me see.
Rev. David (he/him): Then promise us
Rev. David (he/him): you'll find a way back into the world again.
Rev. David (he/him): That leaves both us and you unharmed and whole
Timothy Sackton: pauses for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: trying
Timothy Sackton: like trying to breathe. Just
Timothy Sackton: the wind picks up slightly, but there's no cloud. There's no thunder there's nothing just a slight wind.
Timothy Sackton: and he shakes his head.
Timothy Sackton: You don't understand.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is so simple as you little folk would have it be.
Mike Sackton: you see.
Mike Sackton: in the middle of a sentence, or is he like?
Timothy Sackton: I don't want to interrupt him if he started talking. I was just typing something to
Timothy Sackton: to to. Well, me.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's happening with Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo is still like flashing lightning.
Timothy Sackton: But as sat down.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll say telepathically to the rest of you.
Rev. David (he/him): It's like there's a fight going on inside him
Rev. David (he/him): between who is in some
Rev. David (he/him): twisted, ghostly version of him?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there more to this assistant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then there seems. It is a coincidence
Eric Rosenbaum: that the assistant arrives, and he is trapped or no.
Timothy Sackton: as you're speaking as you're saying this, he then interrupts your thought as he
Timothy Sackton: like grasped you and sense.
Timothy Sackton: I know you have them. Let me see.
Mike Sackton: said this was more complicated than we understood.
Mike Sackton: and you also promised a story in exchange for ours.
Mike Sackton: Tell us your story.
Mike Sackton: Make us understand.
Nice
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: It is a fair deal
Timothy Sackton: he like closes his eyes. He does not put down. Well be
Timothy Sackton: first
Timothy Sackton: second. You all see
Timothy Sackton: just briefly, like a giant
Timothy Sackton: changed to the
Timothy Sackton: top room of the tower, arms stretched like up on the walls with these massive chains.
Timothy Sackton: and it flicks, and then it flicks back to the tower
Timothy Sackton: and then flex again.
Timothy Sackton: I have roamed these planes for
Timothy Sackton: centuries.
Timothy Sackton: traveling as the storm
Timothy Sackton: ringing tales on the way to those who would listen.
Timothy Sackton: I remember
Timothy Sackton: the vast forests.
Timothy Sackton: the Alvin
Timothy Sackton: kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: the car, and K.
Timothy Sackton: Stretching
Timothy Sackton: as far as the eye could see, the great trees
Timothy Sackton: reaching the sky
Timothy Sackton: out.
Timothy Sackton: listening to the news I brought.
Timothy Sackton: I was young man, just
Timothy Sackton: recently come into my power.
Well.
Timothy Sackton: after the elves fell
Timothy Sackton: I grew board of the land.
Timothy Sackton: came
Timothy Sackton: to watch the little people scurrying across
Timothy Sackton: the planes. There are cities growing and shrinking.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: army is marching across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: Little
Timothy Sackton: that I care.
Timothy Sackton: And why should I?
Timothy Sackton: Stone born? Maybe, yes, they had tales to tell
Timothy Sackton: the dwarves of our death
Timothy Sackton: far below here
Timothy Sackton: that passageway is, and long roads in the deep.
Timothy Sackton: Some would come, yes.
Timothy Sackton: ask me questions about
Timothy Sackton: magic in the future, and
Timothy Sackton: there was little good in those visions.
Timothy Sackton: Destruction, chaos.
Timothy Sackton: blood!
Timothy Sackton: The door stopped coming. They didn't want to hear about the fall of their kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: I know not now whether that Isn't
Timothy Sackton: yet to come, or has already been.
Timothy Sackton: Don't know if either of you are from our death
has been
Timothy Sackton: he.
Timothy Sackton: but the wizards of drank Are
Timothy Sackton: I the promise of secrets that even
Timothy Sackton: even the strongest of my people knew not all the secrets unlocked by the magic of those
Timothy Sackton: archanists and artificers.
Timothy Sackton: So I was drawn to speak to them.
Timothy Sackton: Many would listen, some knew not the way to hear.
Timothy Sackton: others would just flee before the thunderstorm.
Timothy Sackton: and then it is a blur I
Timothy Sackton: he like goes to
Timothy Sackton: goes to like, put well be down, and his arm of just like I can not move his arm.
Timothy Sackton: I know this is
Timothy Sackton: no, this is not real.
Timothy Sackton: I can see the flow of time and loops here.
Timothy Sackton: I can see the
Timothy Sackton: ripples that you just make, and the
Timothy Sackton: fabric as you
Timothy Sackton: walk in your
Timothy Sackton: looks.
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: creature who is me, and yet not me.
Timothy Sackton: pointing at Kenza, seems
Timothy Sackton: the strangest of all. Somehow
Timothy Sackton: he is familiar to me.
Timothy Sackton: I have
Timothy Sackton: dreamed of him, I think.
Timothy Sackton: or he has dreamed of me I cannot remember which is which.
Timothy Sackton: And yet
Timothy Sackton: he like, tries to move His other hand
Timothy Sackton: cannot see what holds me here.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see how to break these bonds.
Timothy Sackton: You say you are honorable. You have gone to great lengths
Timothy Sackton: to save
Timothy Sackton: to save me. And yet
Timothy Sackton: why will you not give me back my sight?
Timothy Sackton: Let me at least see what you bring.
Kate: Did you connect with it here.
Kate: or connect with it
Kate: elsewhere
Kate: to the greatest benefit?
Mike Sackton: Is he still holding Wellby?
Timothy Sackton: He, not he like, can't move his arms now he's like standing like this with his arms.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Walby is still, I mean. Well, we could
Timothy Sackton: climb down. You still have.
Timothy Sackton: Well, actually you probably don't really have any. Well, time doesn't really pass here, so
Timothy Sackton: I will say you still have
Timothy Sackton: time on your wings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Timothy Sackton: I know of nowhere else, or
Mike Sackton: there is a
Mike Sackton: tower around us.
Mike Sackton: The storm.
is it?
Rev. David (he/him): Let's pause for a quick sec. I think, like the
Rev. David (he/him): the assumption like that. Just a meta comment here. The assumption we've been operating under is, or at least I have, is
Rev. David (he/him): before giving him the eyes which we're planning to do.
Rev. David (he/him): We want like some level of confidence or assurance that
Rev. David (he/him): things are not going to go catastrophically badly once he has them.
Rev. David (he/him): which feels to me like a reasonable thing.
Rev. David (he/him): But also I feel like he's. He's super resistant in this moment, and I don't know
Rev. David (he/him): if that means we should change our strategy here, or if we need to find like a better.
Rev. David (he/him): a better sort of key to get him back
Rev. David (he/him): like locked into himself, and not like this evil ghosty version of himself
Mike Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: I don't know is he? He seems
Mike Sackton: fairly
Mike Sackton: lucid to me.
He's
Kate: like maybe we've accomplished what we need to by having this degree of conversation, and we just convinced him to let the 5 of us walk down his steps.
Kate: Say, we'll see him soon, and he'll see us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like that.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, that makes sense.
Rev. David (he/him): This sort of feel like. If we were going to get a commitment out of him, there would have been an invitation to roll persuasion at some point.
Timothy Sackton: mostly pretty good ones.
Mike Sackton: the
it
okay
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: deal with all. Well.
Mike Sackton: say.
Mike Sackton: what were you about to
Kate: that last time we were here? He snapped out of it. Enough to say.
Kate: Get my eyes and bring them back, and that'll set me free.
Kate: And so we sort of expected them to get to that level again, and then we could just like, get. We've got them. We'll go put them back right now.
Kate: but that
Kate: level didn't get back.
Kate: but I think we're probably at an okay level.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will
sort of step forward and
and
Mike Sackton: kind of apologetically, almost
Mike Sackton: explain.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: one must always
Mike Sackton: tread cautiously when dealing with
Mike Sackton: great powers.
Mike Sackton: especially those
Mike Sackton: imprisoned or otherwise
Mike Sackton: in danger.
Mike Sackton: Please do trust us that we ate
Mike Sackton: have every intention of returning
Mike Sackton: what was taken from you.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: how do we do it?
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: can you?
Mike Sackton: How do we do it safely?
Is it.
Mike Sackton: can we?
Mike Sackton: What am I trying to sell? Then
let me go to my thoughts.
Kate: Last time we were here
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, our companion, who is now under your spell.
Mike Sackton: helped
Mike Sackton: ease your suffering, and enough such that we could leave this place and see
Mike Sackton: the room of the tower where you are imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: Let us leave again, and your eyes will be returned to you.
Timothy Sackton: He looks
Timothy Sackton: in the direction that you're speaking from
Timothy Sackton: any any
Timothy Sackton: like tries to. He like stumbles to his knees.
Timothy Sackton: still seemingly unable to use his hands. Well be
Timothy Sackton: being pretty.
Timothy Sackton: actually make a dexterity, saving from
Timothy Sackton: well be like
Timothy Sackton: dancing to keep his balance, as
Timothy Sackton: is like hands shake.
Timothy Sackton: and he sort of leans down as close as he can get
Timothy Sackton: to dow with.
Timothy Sackton: There is
Timothy Sackton: no safety
Timothy Sackton: from the evil that was done here.
Timothy Sackton: But if I could see.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps I could aid you.
Timothy Sackton: and you would have
Timothy Sackton: my favor should you need that.
Mike Sackton: What's
Rev. David (he/him): yeah, Kenza is going to get free. Perfect timing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my awesome timing, perfect timing!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened? Because I was sleeping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or apparently doing other things, lighting all, sitting on my eyes.
Mike Sackton: Kennedy's possessed the diet. But, Tim, go ahead. You've been. You've been here with us the whole time. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: so Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my God, this is so perfect!
Timothy Sackton: So as he turns.
Timothy Sackton: Hagar turns and says
Timothy Sackton: again, If I could see I could aid you.
Timothy Sackton: and he reaches forward, and he says
Timothy Sackton: he like, closes his eyes and
Timothy Sackton: bows
Timothy Sackton: Baza's head briefly.
Timothy Sackton: and he like seems to be meditating almost.
Timothy Sackton: It is not easy to let go.
Timothy Sackton: and the like lightning that's all around. Kenzo begins to fade
Timothy Sackton: and Kenza's eyes snap open.
Timothy Sackton: and you are sitting.
Timothy Sackton: You're confused for a moment, because
Timothy Sackton: you're 30 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: or for like 30 s. You believe that you should be 30 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: But you're in this tiny 6 foot body, and it makes like your
Timothy Sackton: like your, you know, proprioception, everything. It's just like
Timothy Sackton: totally thrown off.
Timothy Sackton: and this rush of memories comes back to you.
Timothy Sackton: I,
Timothy Sackton: studying with Raulgar as a as a giant up in the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: leaving saying goodbye to him, and then, hearing later that
Timothy Sackton: he was captured.
Timothy Sackton: that the drank Orions had
Timothy Sackton: taken him, had done something.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it was
Timothy Sackton: an aid of a poly on, or some desperate
Timothy Sackton: attempt to fight against him, or
Timothy Sackton: unrelated to Apollon's rule you. You don't know you never heard.
Timothy Sackton: But as you.
Timothy Sackton: as you sat out
Timothy Sackton: across
Timothy Sackton: the planes of drank are
Timothy Sackton: the farms and the river valleys to
Timothy Sackton: come. Find your mentor.
Timothy Sackton: See what was done to him.
Timothy Sackton: A choking red mist began to spread across the land.
Timothy Sackton: And you foul.
Timothy Sackton: you remember dying.
Timothy Sackton: and as you snap back to Kenzo. You remember the experience
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo had in the Land of the Dead.
Timothy Sackton: and more recently your experience in Motua.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and it all snaps together.
Timothy Sackton: and you look up. You
Timothy Sackton: don't know how you got here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect for that.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're You remember this place. This is like the dream world vision of
Timothy Sackton: broad ours Mountain palace that you've been in once before long ago.
Timothy Sackton: and you have these like scattered flashes
Timothy Sackton: out
Timothy Sackton: of chains growing out of the wall of powerful magic, of
Timothy Sackton: an incantation being
Timothy Sackton: chanted
Timothy Sackton: and drink our in
Timothy Sackton: the words, I bind you now forever here with chains unbreakable
Timothy Sackton: until magic falls.
Timothy Sackton: or until
Timothy Sackton: the first words of now is the lament for lost thunder are spoken by a human of these lands to free you from your imprisonment.
Timothy Sackton: and then you feel
Timothy Sackton: you have a memory of your mind being split.
Timothy Sackton: We're treating here
Timothy Sackton: part of you
Timothy Sackton: trapped in the statue
Timothy Sackton: bound to it.
Timothy Sackton: part of you here free.
Timothy Sackton: creating this world for yourself.
Timothy Sackton: and you feel flashes of
Timothy Sackton: time passing endlessly until
Timothy Sackton: there is a searing pain.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you can no longer see
Timothy Sackton: you feel your eyes being like ripped out of your head in this dream world.
Timothy Sackton: And then the anger
Timothy Sackton: and the storm growing.
Timothy Sackton: and your memory
Timothy Sackton: shot
Timothy Sackton: all this like comes back in a rush as Ken overturns to
Timothy Sackton: the world.
Timothy Sackton: And you see now, Craigar, looking up at you.
Timothy Sackton: looking down at you. Sorry you're looking up enroll there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all in the dream we're all in this this. This the dreams gave him.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are. Where are the Where is the party?
Timothy Sackton: Wellbe is standing on Raulgar's hand.
Timothy Sackton: about 30 feet in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker, resign, and Del with are
Timothy Sackton: like seated, or like standing around
Timothy Sackton: by Harvard's feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And where am I?
Timothy Sackton: You are sitting on a
Timothy Sackton: footstool that was equivalent to a human couch.
Timothy Sackton: And you've now like, just stood up as you come to yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kenza stands, and it's just processing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everything because it feels like multiple lifetimes have searched through him. His own memories mix with memories that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are not his, but feel like his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trying to understand why he's sitting on this. But stool why, as well be 30 feet up in the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what the hell is going on, and it's been a confusing bunch of weeks, everybody. So Kenza is just kind of stunned and sitting right now and then kind of pauses and looks up at Wellbe and says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you doing there? Wellby
Rev. David (he/him): negotiating
Mike Sackton: successfully?
Mike Sackton: So far.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo Pragar is still at this moment kind of
Timothy Sackton: meditating
at.
Mike Sackton: Does it look like there's a way out.
Wait!
Rev. David (he/him): How did we get out of here last time? I don't remember, did we? We just went back to back the way you came. The stairs lead right back to the tower. Wait, but met a game aren't. I supposed to say some words because i'm a human from the land of the thing it's got.
Rev. David (he/him): Whoa! What are those words? Again? What are those from
Eric Rosenbaum: lament of the lost thunder or something
Kate: teen?
Rev. David (he/him): That's not in the book of poetry that we sold in Darpa. Is it
probably
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. Is that a familiar work
Rev. David (he/him): to any? Yes, now ways
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: that is definitely one of the poems in Noah's lyrics of a new age
Eric Rosenbaum: that we no longer have.
Mike Sackton: But we have a sending spell, and we know people who work in libraries out. We probably are. But I mean Deleth read that book a fair bit. I bet you he remembers it.
Mike Sackton: It's just the first line, right
Eric Rosenbaum: First lines. I think
Timothy Sackton: it said the first first
Timothy Sackton: lines.
Mike Sackton: It was a book of Alvish poetry wasn't it?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that was. That was probably remembers it.
Mike Sackton: I I bet, and he remembers it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's one of those things. Just say it almost exactly right. It probably almost works right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean. Is this like an intelligence check plus bartic inspiration plus something else.
Kate: Sure.
Rev. David (he/him): you know, we we need to move. We need to do this quickly. He's. Yeah, he's struggling. Yeah, Go down the stairs. Yes.
Kate: greed all 5 of us. Yes, we told him we were going to go down the stairs all 5 of us, so he won't. Be surprised
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's happening.
Mike Sackton: We're going to free him. Come.
Kate: Ken, so it's time to put the eyes back in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and apparently you have some poetry to recite.
Kate: Glad your kids are resident human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I am glad I am Kenzo as well. I think.
Timothy Sackton: So You head down the stairs.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, yes.
Timothy Sackton: you're back where the statue is
Rev. David (he/him): all right. I'll
Rev. David (he/him): open up the locket and unfold the portable hole and climb in and hand the eyes out, one after another, and then the control jams also.
Kate: Oh, control gems.
Eric Rosenbaum: the binding stones, I I take. I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: holding those
Mike Sackton: there's sockets to put the eyes in right
Kate: right shouldn't like
Timothy Sackton: sort of I mean.
Kate: it's a stone statue where dwarves it. Dwarfs shouldn't. We be able to say anything? Yeah, do we need to put the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back in the statue or back in progar in the statue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're metaphor that the because they're not they go, and they they're for the statue right
Rev. David (he/him): When Hagar Wasn't, projecting himself into the dreamscape when he was just there at this time and last trained on the wall. Did he have eyes in his head
Now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: these eyes look like eyes for Allgar, or eyes for the statue that should be a little more obvious. Right
Timothy Sackton: in
Timothy Sackton: tag are they look like. As for the statue
Mike Sackton: in the dream world. They probably like his eyes.
Kate: We we we put them in the statue. If that doesn't work we'll put them in exactly, and whoever took them out of the statute. They didn't come in the dream world and rip them out of Yes, dream world right. And that was the point at which he got blind and confused, and all that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It'll be exciting some Alvin thing. Yeah.
Kate: I after the eyes or before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like during
Timothy Sackton: daring daring sounds good. Make doll with, make an intelligence tech
Rev. David (he/him): with some. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I can react and inspire. Yes.
Kate: I mean, should I? So
Kate: any of my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, we need this role to be guidance. Yes.
Kate: Does that help?
Mike Sackton: Oh, I did go to beyond it didn't go to I rolled a 14. It didn't go to D and d beyond
Mike Sackton: add a d 4,
Mike Sackton: that's a 16,
Eric Rosenbaum: and then you can add a d 8 for inspiration.
Mike Sackton: That's a 21
Eric Rosenbaum: solid.
Timothy Sackton: You think it's something like
Timothy Sackton: wait, whereas
Timothy Sackton: And now
Timothy Sackton: I got Child Gdp to write a whole poem. And now I can't find that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well.
that not copy yet
Kate: twinkle, twinkle.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, it's better than that. Oh, I put it in the book.
Timothy Sackton: You think it's something like gone Are the days of giant striding thunder in hand.
Timothy Sackton: earth unchanging dreams of ancient lore. The sky's ablaze with storm.
Timothy Sackton: There
Timothy Sackton: gaze upon the distant cloud on which they soar.
Timothy Sackton: something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's probably it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that sounds right. I'll tell that to Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will recite that
as
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as well be it search the eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think the dwarfs are in the eyes. Right? Yeah, take one. So they're they're big they're like
Eric Rosenbaum: like full-sized bowling balls.
Timothy Sackton: Several things happen at once.
Timothy Sackton: As you. Well, I mean the eyes there's not like an easy. They don't like slide there's not like pockets that they easily slide into right. It's like
Timothy Sackton: something strange is happening with a statue like the stone has filled in, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: or it was.
Timothy Sackton: It's not entirely clear exactly, but
Timothy Sackton: so you begin to like, try, and like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: shake the eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we have not in with the binding stones at this point
Timothy Sackton: begin to like, try and figure out. It's like clear like they don't really quite fit like
Timothy Sackton: sort of
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Take your hammer and like, try and
Timothy Sackton: smash it a little bit. Try and like, arrange things that the eyes will fit
Timothy Sackton: you. Here
Timothy Sackton: the the walls begin to like, become
Timothy Sackton: yeah, like
Timothy Sackton: lightning is beginning to collect around the walls now.
Timothy Sackton: And you here.
Timothy Sackton: app
Timothy Sackton: thrashing almost what sounds like
Timothy Sackton: wrestling
Timothy Sackton: from upstairs like the giant is like
Timothy Sackton: picking and tossing around.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm going to head straight up
Timothy Sackton: you run out back.
Timothy Sackton: appearing back in the cloudscape, and you can see that
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: ghostly figure
Timothy Sackton: there's like a ghostly version of frog are that is like separated from him.
Timothy Sackton: and has his hands around. The ghost has his hands around, for Allgar's neck and hawker is like
Timothy Sackton: so cannot struggling, looking around.
Timothy Sackton: trying to like, find a weapon or something. But
Timothy Sackton: at C
Mike Sackton: bring
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we need to
Timothy Sackton: slumps to one knee.
Mike Sackton: Can somebody go? Get the eyes very quickly and bring them into the dream world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brisbane, let's go
Kate: all right. We run into the dream world.
Rev. David (he/him): Try and attack the ghost version of him in the
Kate: save the stick.
Timothy Sackton: As you run up into the dream world
Timothy Sackton: carrying the eyes.
Timothy Sackton: they begin to pulse with life.
Timothy Sackton: and as you run forwards towards Pragar.
Timothy Sackton: trying to get to eyes to him as deal with, and
Timothy Sackton: well be
Timothy Sackton: begin to attack the ghost version. I'm going to probably stop there. Okay, that's a good point we maybe should stop there.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's 1215 now. I need to go to bed. I have a I have a
Mike Sackton: like super long meeting at 8 tomorrow morning that I have to be sharp for
Rev. David (he/him): nice. So, Cliffhanger. Time it is. But we kind of schedule.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, we have to schedule
Rev. David (he/him): well in our plan to try it on the statute, and then give them back to him. If that didn't work
Mike Sackton: well, it's successfully. Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, i'm glad I appeared at the right time
Rev. David (he/him): that worked out perfect, perfect.
Mike Sackton: and I'm genuinely, really fucking confused. And I've no idea what the hell is. So that works out right. What's going on also that are not totally clear
Eric Rosenbaum: also. But
Timothy Sackton: it will be clear once I have a chance to write up Kenza's memories, and Kenz has a chance to tell you his memories next session when things are not quite so dramatic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Timothy Sackton: it is okay. But let's let's definitely schedule. I'm gonna
I'm going to stop the recording
Timothy Sackton: record. The scheduling.